## 2.

Not only, they explained in a post, would this help them discover where their
most intimate problems lay, it would also allow them to satisfy the blood guilt
they had both started feeling at the age of three or four, after having
binge-watched documentaries on the involvement of Finland with Nazism and on
the siege of Leningrad. It was a conclusion that came as a surprise to Tuisku,
after a longer and rather painful session – it had been Liekki's turn to play
the role of the analyst that week – and one that, unfortunately, Tuisku is
still not ready to share with the world, as he announced on social media last
week.

For a while all they did was looking up injection methods and recipes. Soon
they knew more about black pudding than even the hungriest of Scots, but
despite their best efforts they couldn't shake off their disgust. A fresh
infusion of blood, squirted far into the mouth cavity, on the other hand, was
enthusiastically embraced by the intrigued Finns – although, being two
snowflakes at heart, they spat most of it out at first. Far from discouraging
them, their initial reluctance spurred their brutality and creativity in equal
measure. Indeed, they quickly realized that the precepts of tolerance and
softness that was the core curriculum of their education were of little use, or
at least proved much less efficient than brute force, when it came to keeping
each other's appetite quenched. In order to make sure that none of their weekly
meal went to waste, one would keep the other down, kneeling on the other's arms
while operating the canister (that was the name they gave the device, half a
funnel and half a vacuum-cleaner, that they engineered together for their
dietary crusade) with their two hands. The main challenge was getting the blood
from the floor back into the rebellious mouth and preventing the famished brat
from skipping one more intake in the spur of the moment, usually by shrieking
uncontrollably and rolling around on the floor until exhaustion.

After a couple of weeks of living and eating together, they were able to relate
to each other, quite a surprise to all those who had known what had been the
baseline of their relationship up to that point. Their conversations oftend
turned from blandness into verbal punishment and back, and, with the exception
of Liekki, they discovered in the new waveform of their emotional life the
hidden joys of aggressive linguistic practice. However, after a while, putting
up with each other's sickening regurgitation fragrances proved too much for
Liekki, and she soon experienced bouts of constipation. Tuisku became
increasingly agitated, working ever harder on his swallowing, and spending all
his time between meals coaxing or threatening his friends into returning to
veganism.

The arrangement could not have been more unstable, but, thankfully, they
endured it, and the end result was surprising for all the parties involved:
their work productivity improved, as did their relationships with their
neighbours. Pirate recordings of the sounds of their cleaning their kitchen
were leaked on the Internet. They never prayed again.
