A couple of vegans from Helsinki, Finland, Tuisku and Liekki (fictitious
names), were very happy with their new diet when they turned, as it reflected
their ethical ideals as much as it fostered their gastronomical imagination,
and it seemed to them that this exciting bliss would go on forever. However,
after a while, they confessed to each other bouts of carnivorous urges coming
more and more often to nag them. After many feverish brainstorming sessions,
crises of doubts, and outbursts of hope, they came up with an idea: they would
feed on each other's blood.

**

The idea took off from there. By this point, they'd decided to be 'blood
vegans', that is, to undergo this experiment for weeks, until forgoing food
altogether, letting their egos dissolve into a pond of hemolagniac delight. The
couple that would later be known to have led the Blood Vegan Transition, Tuisku
and Liekki, shared culinary expertise as well as depraved adventures, including
feeding on each other's sexual fluids in police situations, where each was more
eager than the other to confess their sanguinistic urges in order to confuse
the powers that be.

The couple's willingness to transgress ethical boundaries is self-evident in
their artistic work, especially their controversial intervention in the 2025
Venice Biennale, "Bloody Mary", in which an unspecting audience of arts bigwigs
was served a variation on the famous cocktail containing 1dl of their own
blood, as they unveiled a thoroughly banal installation they had cobbled
together in two days for their undergraduate degree show thirty years earlier.
The pundits were, as one can expect, gullible and enthusiastic, until a few
hours into the *vernissage* servants in gore-dripping livery started slinking
the room, breaking the news of the composition of the inebriating concoction to
the baffled, and soon nauseous ears of the art world dignitaries.

In their long, thirsty lives, they managed to turn the Vegan League of Finland
into a respectable organization, by no means a small feat, which went on to
metastasize into a election-winning political party soon after their death. As
far as the culinary aspects of their legacy go, it seems that the Meat Is Meat,
slaughter rights and predator health movements will not be leading any
counterrevolutions in Finland in the near future.

All in all, the overground vegetarian and vegan emancipation movements in the
2020s are one of the most salacious and fascinating chapters of meat-eating
history, as was popularized by Augustinella M. McTully's best-selling novel
*The Guzzling 20s*, available from Random House (USA), or Faber (UK). Of
course, nobody could have made the sanguinists of *The Guzzling* into heroes
and martyrs by simply noting their sensationality. Whenever reality surpasses
fiction, putting it into words still requires a hell of a lot of effort, but
it's well worth it. You have to investigate the agents' real motivations and
thoughts, rummage into their perversions, plug yourself into their dreams. If
you are so inclined, you might consider *Suck Me Dry: An Introduction to The
Four Great Sanguinist Doctrines of the 2000s*, by Suleiman J. Abdelmikhel,
Adalbert Aston, Otto Colomb, Conchobhar Cunningham, Simone von
Ludholt-Bergford, Malachy Amerkey O'Leary, Ludmilla Vladimirskaya Omahonov and
Friedrike Gudrun Wilhelmine Wenghauser as an academic *pièce de résistance*,
and perhaps the best guide to follow their mouth-watering history.
