**

The idea was conceived as a way to develop an ethical worldview, and to
implement it in daily life. Their project was first to come up with a new diet,
a seemingly simple exercise meant as a first step towards an ideal, a practical
way to eat not only for one's health, but also for joy, beauty, and spiritual
well-being. They thought of of blood as the living continuum itself – not just
the organic juice put to such dazzling use in their cookbooks, but also the
potential fuel for a consented, ritualized exchange of life. The discovery of a
trove of excellent studies on blood as an source of nourishment in Vertically
Integrated Criminal Enterprises (VICE) was an absolute validation of their
quest. In addition, they also felt that the human-to-human blood bond,
replacing the old animal-to-human flesh bondage, could serve as an analogy for
the live connection to digital entities they had developed – and come to
cherish – within their own brains. From that early, feverish period, very few
documents remain. A notable exception is a poem commonly attributed to Tuisku,
a song of darkness, melancholy and love in the context of hematopositive
intimacy:


*Skin, she says, is slippery, abrasive.  
Surface of my urge.  
The substantive yet elusive temptations.  
Shadow of my wish.  

Skin, she says, is like a cigarette  
Bringing us back to ages past  
The torn face of the Marlboro cowboy  
The bruises, the blisters, the smiles  
Of a dead country.  

Remember what great aunt once told us  
Before her foretellings grew foggy:  

"Into the skin it shall trickle,  
The smell of my stale stuff,   
Bite into it now,  
Before it is too late.  
I know where we all must go,  
Sooner rather than later,  
Our skulls cracked like eggs,  
Our ashes sprinkled on cereals."  

Remember when we took her last juices,  
Our word gift for her departure:  

"We are sailors,  
You are our rhum,  
You enthrall us like  
The wind, and the stars and the endless sea.  
And on your grave they shall shine  
Incarnadine  
The dirty needles of the horizon."  

Don't lean so heavy on me.  
Stand still.  
The drip is ready.  

When the time is right,  
It'll go in,  
You won't feel a thing.*  

This new model of eating envisaged itself as a natural evolution from the
methods of traditional food culture: you eat by 'physiological means', in order
to preserve your health and well-being; you eat by 'ideological means', thereby
enacting the self-involution of the superstructure (known as the 'Ouroboros
Free Lunch Theorem'). Blood thus became the unexpected source of nourishment
for a new vein of ideological relationship to the world for the vegan couple.
They had wanted to bring about a new order within their private food culture,
and were almost helpless witnessing how fast and how ineluctably it seemed to
lead to a new order in culture at large. What had begun as the quirky new set
of table manners of a happy, tender lovenest soon became a weird, raucous, and
over-the-top political gorefest. They were in the midst of undergoing a new
kind of birth-of-a-nation experience, with themselves acting sometimes as
reactionaries, sometimes as revolutionaries, and most of the time as both at
once. Their innocent attempt to find nutritious enjoyment for themselves
outside the straight and narrow path of mindless consumerist evil and
exploitation brought into their lives what in their deep normies' bosom they
had silently feared the most: an increasingly violent and unpleasant grappling
with the immortality of their ideas.

That was already no easy thing to swallow, and it did not stop there. Not only
did the civic-constitutional slaughterhouse of their days become increasingly
insurrectional and cartoonish, but the new diet gave the couple a new kind of
self-image. Tuisku had an almost saint-like aura, having grown a huge bushy
beard and wearing almost exclusively recycled clothes from foreclosed nunneries
or POW camps, while Liekki's physiology was turning into a new kind of
androgynous beau ideal combining the extreme flexibility of Kung Fu fighters,
the muscle mass of Californian governors and the generous layers of fat of
sumos. Both developments proved a boon for the sexual side of their
blood-feeding. Emboldened, they went on to derive much inspiration from ancient
body modification traditions as well as from the latest exhaustivist
combinatorics of the erotic and the ferocious, of the lipidic and the muscular
worlds. They were reaching the full range of their somatosophical and
neurospiritual selves. They felt and they knew that they were the body
biopolitic (Proposition XXIII, Part V).

The transformation they underwent, combined with the brutal violence they
perpetrated to, and experienced at the hand of, each other, not to mention
their growing loathing of needles and funnels, catheters and drips, repeated
hospitalizations and innumerable pills, caused them to become even more
alienated from one another, as if the ever growing proximity of their
organisms' hemoglobin had to be mirrored in an ever wider identity chasm. In a
last-ditch attempt to salvage their love they decided to leave everything
behind, to go over the edge and to embrace what future generations would
eventually call the *beaver lifestyle*.

Surprisingly perhaps, they had remained devoted lovers of the animal
connection, and had not given up on their dream to be reunited with their
sentient blood siblings. Liekki and Tuisku agreed that it was time to make a
choice, maybe one final time (the entire episode seems almost unmistakably, and
none but fools would not add brilliantly, adapted from a five words long
nanostory by Moona Liisa Säkänden, although specialists agree that it is highly
unlikely that they could have read it).

The couple journeys to the desert region north of the Oulu-Rovaniemi metro
corridor and decides to settle in one of those quaint hunting lodges dug right
under the dunes. The scorching, hyperborean moonlight marks the end of their
long and exhausting journey, and fills them with such joy that no sooner than
they are settled that they treat themselves to a well-deserved feast. As they
prepare their transfusion devices, they talk about how it had been beavers who
had first brought them together, as their mothers had met during beaver song
meditation pregnancy sessions. They even talk about the things Liekki used to
like to eat, in her prior life. Tears come to her eyes as she recalls that she
even knew some good recipes for honeyed lobsters. Liekki is eager to try and
vocalize them for Tuisku, who loves that so much, his musical nature having
been acknowledged by everyone he has known ever since his smartphone recognized
in his baby wails the delicate harmonics of the last part of Helmut
Lachenmann's *Serynade*, and as the melancholy of Liekki's memories merges with
the savouriness of their red fluids softly running down their throats, they
give in to the bliss of geometrically deducing – those slow, hot, sensuous
squirts at first, which irretrievably accelerate all the way up to the sudden
chills of cold illuminated sweat – that their meal is the great cause for which
they have been brought into this world.

In the morning, as they explore the beaver lodge by the pale dawn light, they
find a huge bee hive in the cellar, hemorrhaging honey all over the floor. They
are shocked by the sudden coldness of the air, so rare this far up North at
this time of the year, and that the bees that are flying around instead of
estivating. Liekki raises the idea of making a beaver spittle and honey soup
with the refuse, which she almost immediately retracts, realizing that she
doesn't know the recipe by heart. Instead, they proceed to use the excess honey
to preserve their bodies, but there is so much at hand that the excess of the
excess is made into a dye and sprinkled onto Tuisku's pilgrimage frock and
Liekki's competition mawashi.

The two lovers are happy to move on to find a new place to live near the
petrified river close to the lodge. At this point, they have grown chronically
impatient: they have reached their goal, they are living the dream, and yet
nothing would make them more happy than to leave behind what they see, rightly
or wrongly, as 'their old beaver lifestyle', and adopt yet newer axioms, a
system based on badgers, or ladybirds perhaps, but it is too late now, and they
pursue their journey.

They soon reach the banks of the large sand pools, home of the Eurasian beaver.
The scenery is breath-taking: the largest colony in the world, with an
estimated three billion organisms. For a while they stay silent and in awe.
They know that those animals were nearly extinct only a few decades before,
after the Great Migrations brought Europeans, Africans and Asians to populate
the boundless steppes of Central and Northern Eurasia. They can recall their
virtual history classes, and especially the smell of Kiev, Nizhny Novgorod,
Ürümqi, or Ulaanbaatar in the years of the Hunger, as human hordes descended on
them and the streets of cities turned into rivers of red. Their memory replays
the great Inviolable Declaration, bringing an end to the slaughter, and they
can see before their eyes, like those falling from towers see the accelerated
film of their lives, the years of reparation, the endless road of despair and
stagnation, and, at last, the near miraculous revival and rebound, when, almost
two centuries later, the population finally recovered. They see the old, the
renewed, the true migration, every year, to and from the Korean peninsula, the
great, joyful havoc they cause in their wake, and they swoon when come the
sounds, the rustle of dust in their fur as they dance with their partner at the
height of the mating season, that can be heard on misty dawns all the way to
Moscow. Tuisku and Liekki walk some more, and, spotting a suitable creek, dip
their toes into the beaver bath. Excited though they are to enter the fray,
they are soon horrified when the sweet counterpoint of the animal's extended
click techniques slowly evolves into a gigantic primal scream! After that,
everything goes very fast. The beavers get nasty, the bath dream turns into
nightmarish mosh pit, and they are nearly swallowed by the beasties! Just as
Liekki and Tuisku fall into the tide they are able to howl for their lives.
Their domestic helper bot is barely strong enough to pull them out and keep the
gnawing monsters in check.

Long do they stay on the shore, motionless, crouched into a ball under a thick
layer of protective honey. Still trusting their force of will, they try to
think themselves into regaining strength, but Liekki is unable to walk. She
suffers from a poor circulation, struggles for breath, and only manages to
throw one last wail before falling out of the honey bubble onto the geological
floor. Everything is quiet again. After a few days' sleep she finally feels
safe enough to accept a bite of a dried black pudding cookie from blood Tuisku
took great pains to extract from his loins, but as she eats it, she suddenly
cries out in pain, gets up on her feet and immediately collapses again onto the
ground. The two lovers are unable to do anything, and for what to them feels
like months they watch in silence as the beaver queen, head of the hive,
imperturbably lays her eggs in the distance. Liekki and Tuisku are now both
unable to move as a result of their strong fear of evil alpha females. A few
week later, at Tuisku's urgent request, Liekki finally takes a piece of their
last loaf of beaver hair bread in her trembling hand and breaks it with her
teeth. She is overwhelmed with guilt but also with relish. Some years later,
when Tuisku finally manages to speak about food again, they realize there is
nothing left to eat except for the bile of their empty stomachs. She tells
Tuisku that that it's OK, but that she feels so bad that she may have to lie
down on this rock for the rest of her life. She composes a poem that she
recites to him:


*I am soon to depart the Earth  
With your blood  
In my belly  

My life my food for thought I am made the book beyond all books  
With your blood  
In my belly  

My life my story my book all made of you puke-jotted word blots on fresh flesh pages  
With your blood  
In my belly  

The book is signed is sealed is sold the true tale our bond inked  
With my bile with your blood  
In my belly*  

She dies almost instantly after, and, whistling notes from the *Liebestod*
through his ever enigmatic stiff upper lip, so does he.
