## 10.

The idea proved so wonderful that they soon became radicalised. Only days after
the beginning of their regimen, they had imagined, and subjected themselves to,
the most stringent discipline and training. After a year, they were
combat-ready. They booked their plane tickets, and flew to San Antonio, Texas,
landing just a few miles away from the war zone. As Liekki and Tuisku felt the
Southern sun on their skins and the dry, dusty air in their lungs, they
contemplated with joy the sacred nature of their mission: to kill meat-eating
humans.[^4]

Initially, their organization was ruthless. With only a little experience, they
killed their first political victim, Juana Cruz. She was and elderly spy and
retired killer, the last of the anti-sanguinist agents of the CIA, who had been
betrayed by the organisation and driven into poverty. She lived in a caravan
not too far from the airport. She was seized by the two killer siblings on a
Walmart parking lot and found drained of her blood and strangled with her own
intestines.

A couple of hours later, a CCTV camera recorded them carrying two corpses –
their heads brutally severed and their skins peeled clean by what must have
been claws –, walking calmly to the edge of town and hanging there a few
minutes before vanishing from the screen into the dust of the battlefield.

For most of the first phase of their deployment, their success was almost
routine: they would capture hostages, kill them, sometimes fleece and boil
them, sometimes dry and shred them. They usually then fed them to passing
herds. Sometimes they would send what must have been an incomprehensible ransom
message to some address or other, a quickly scribbled note reading: 'Fuck fish
flour', or 'We are not your steaks'.

They could feel the devil's breath upon their lips. They knew the fear they
were inflicting on the victim was strong, but were only filled with gratitude
for the blood and terror meat-eaters had wrought onto the lives of their
ancestors, as it was now the fusion power of their rage.

After their swift takeover of San Antonio, the rare cameras still in operation
showed them strolling about town. As they happened to stumble across the
Hertzberg Clock around the end of the afternoon, Liekki was captured on CCTV
having one of her famed fits of inspiration:

**The Clock**

*It is five past four on the Hertzberg Clock.  
Time has stopped.*  

*The red pushers have withdrawn into their lairs.  
Hours have come and gone, now the pixels are asleep.  
For how long have minutes been counted at the push of a button?*  

*The leather tourniquet rests on the motel mattress,   
Waiting,  
Its thirst unbending.*

*Tonight  
The metal gears will creak under the veneer of the bed.*

*Tomorrow  
Need will slink, slither, shove off,  
In the glare of the morning.*

*Be watchful, victims.  
You are next.  
The Clock isn't right.  
Time is in on the menace.*  

Tuisku, who rather felt like prose after combat, retorted with that
composition:

*Walking past the Hertzberg Clock you'll soon look up and see in the dust clouds
the form for whom you will have cried for millions of years. An old face made
of billions of faces, smiling in all serenity at its own perennial cruelty. It
is for idiots that you will have cried for eternity. It is for scum that you
will have called for mercy. But who will answer you? As you walk past the
Hertzberg Clock, you will be surprised by gunfire from windows, and you will
run for cover.*

Watching this, Peter Himmelstein, the journalist who brought to light the
stupendous horror of these events, got abruptly interrupted by gunfire from
windows, and ran for cover into the fridge of his surveillance room. He knew he
would now be hunted. His mind resisted. There was no way they, let alone the
universe, could know he had seen that footage. His gut insisted. They knew.
They knew. They would come.

War, his bread and butter, and his long-standing obsession, was finally
starting to spill over into his life, and he was seeing his sanity quickly
nibbled away by the rats of sheer survival. The next few days would forever
remain a daze of gloom and anguish, impenetrable to recollection. He wrote in
little cracks of time, whenever his hands weren't bloody. He would later reread
these pages, forever unable to understand what they meant, what had happened.

**Selected Pages From Peter Himmelstein's Diary**

**_June 3_**

*Leave. At once. Do not get caught. Hide. Find food. No fire. No sneezing. No
long sleep. Keep running. Don't stop. Attention to every detail. Cling to
anything.*

**_June 4_**

*Any reflex that could make a difference. Between staying a panic wretch for a
little while longer. Or join the heaps of human carrion, by now sky-high
deathscapers in the June sun. Bodies like barb wire weaving America's Great
Death Wall.*

**_June 10_**

*My group was very small when I joined. Fugitives, ideologues, psychos. A very
motley crew. More join every day, crawling into our lines at dawn or after
lunch. We almost never talk. Sometimes, we listen to the radio, each sitting
apart in our improvised camp. An ever larger number of people are talking of
their 'blood awakening', on various shows, on the news. More often than not in
encoded language, but transparent to our ears. What the hell was I thinking?
Coming here, among these weirdos. We will be found in the end. We can't fight
back, only evade, at best skirmish. I'll get myself killed. On my own, I sense
more common with the antibloodz than I care to admit. We all experience a sense
of adventure in the perpetual threat of death. Sometimes, when I hear some
accidental mumble, I can't help but wonder if our ideas around terror and
survival haven't started to enlighten us, somehow. After all, if I recall my
first days in the group, all we did was just small shows of activity, to try
and prove ourselves we could still do something despite being doomed to die
soon... but I must say we became quite different once we got to know each
other. That strange knowledge you get from silence and mumbling, at night, when
all fire is forbidden, and even the lighting of a cigarette can get you killed.
We differ, I would say, most importantly, in our dynamics. The antibloodz are
not the monsters they say they are in the media. The people I see here are
highly motivated by a deep desire to discover the truth and help others. Sure,
they can be nasty as well, but the world has gone to shit. Also, the
antibloodz, the vast majority of them, in this unit at least, are compulsive,
light-weight empiricists. Their discomfort in the current conditions of
disaster and revolution does not stem from, say, a physical defect,
malnourishment or hormonal disorder, but, I'm convinced of that, is the outcome
of a breakdown of personality. In order to adapt to such difficulties as ours,
many have come to recognize that the only way foward is to modify themselves
and their significant others for the worst, willingly and forcibly to undergo a
collective degeneration of thought and emotion. Efforts in the pursuit of new
wisdoms are always diverse and tentative, and even if I wanted to I would be
unable to offer a less flawed summary as I did above. Any such description
would have to reflect the qualitative contrast of the mindsets of these people,
more distinct from each other than I have ever experienced in my life. My days
here are sheer horror, and yet, after the antibloodz, I fear that everything
will be grey and conform again. The sanitized, near-vegetative zombie existence
I have led before, 'within society', and have dreamt so deeply to break away
from. To leave behind forever.*

**_June 11_**

*Perhaps I can say that. The values, beliefs, and perspectives of their parents
of choice, sometimes historical or contemporary figures, sometimes even friends
or strangers, often just recycled synthetic personalities, are the only
authoritative sources of truth. The result is a breach of the normative
peer-evaluative view of the world, the world our past collective societal
experience had built up to this moment of ruin. It seems strange even to think
about it. That old world, I remember, in which the individual sat at the
pinnacle of the hierarchy. Stranger and stranger the more I think about it. One
thing for sure, the point most of them agree on is that "alternative" rules
have been superseded by a New Law: "POWER IS THE DOMINANT FACTOR". A group
decided to carve that on the last standing wall of the State Capitol in Austin.
They left yesterday. No one expects them to return.*

**_June 12_**

*News from the Capitol wall. The enemy got there before them. Crazy, as if they
had been able to read our mind. Rumour has it it's got two big sentences on
it.*

*GROW UP, DRINK BLOOD.*

*DRINK BLOOD, YOU'LL BE LIKE US.*

*Nobody asks whether our group will return. They are most likely all dead. Used
as ink for the slogans. Not sure if anyone cares.*

**_June 17_**

*None of the distinguished British, Canadian, French, German, Japanese, Korean
or Russian experts sent by the Northern Alliance to establish a report ever
knew a single antiblood. This was all after the facts bullshit.  They didn't
even bother meeting or interrogating a single antiblood. They think they can
get me to talk, pathetic fucks. I can hear these words in my head, 'we support
any self-serving attempt among specimens to form an opinion'. Experts my ass!
They are in no position to criticize any fucking thing. I said something along
these lines, I think. I can't remember, they must have hacked me. Of course,
the so-called 'knowledgeable experts' must have either frowned upon that, or
passed over it in silence, the Austrian way. Then the report goes to die in
peer-reviewed journals. Self-styled experts, that's what they are. They simply
regurgitate the all-encompassing perspectives of the world they learnt on Ivy
League benches, a world they eat up and shit right back out. They will never be
able to capture anything of the experience of war wth any nuance whatsoever.
Fuck this. Fuck them all.*

**_June 18_**

*What happens next is obvious, I bet you, the interests of high-faluting
politics will not take long to come rain hell on the antibloodz heads. Of the
forty-six thousand antibloodz at the rear of our camp, only a handful, perhaps
two or three hundred, remain now. Every single one of them will immediately be
taken by the Northern Allies and concentrated near the military base at Fort
Hood, in Killeen, Bell County. Since winter is near, and the field blizzards
come with increasing frequency, those few survivors will pushed to the bottom
thresholds of subsistance. If I had to bet, I'd say the craters where the
bodies of the antibloodz will be found will be about a kilometre or so from
each other. Randomly distributed across the fields. Not many people know this,
but it's how they do disposal these days, I saw the pictures from the Marshall
Campaign. Scatter drones, that's what they use. Neat, cheap, green.*

**_June 20_**

*"Welcome to Summer warfare!", that's how they first greeted me. Ah, those
first days. I will always remember. Terror day and night, but also, I can't
explain it, maybe a sense of possibility. We would survive a bit longer, and
that was all that mattered. I almost regret this time. There was freedom then.
I would hear the whispers of a private conversation maybe once or twice a week.
Seems unreal now. Before we fell silent. The defeated antibloodz can no longer
recognize themselves in the prosaic series of corporate war procedures in place
since last week, since the experts' plan kicked in. Apocalyptic attacks,
guerrilla vanishings, that's what they had always been led to believe in. Now,
what do I hear. They are actually going to get replaced by Northern units.
Those will for sure play a heavy role in the battle's day-to-day activities,
especially as they advance through the New Mexican front and clean up the
remaining civilians. But, man, I feel for the antibloodz. They are finished.*

*How different it was just a few weeks ago! It was just us and them back then.
Them tracking us, killing us. We would sleep on the dry dirt, like soldiers of
old in the trenches, usually in groups of five or seven specimens. I remember
how we would lay side by side whenever we found tracks, hoping to get even the
briefest jolt of electricity back in our system.*

*I remember my first Transfer of Bedding ceremony. Stupid, those rituals, but
it really did work. Usually, a person who did not have a sound mattress
attitude would become so embarrassed that he would immediately give up the
practice and make its peace with their dead wood litter. I have never been able
to discover what happens to those how didn't feel anything. If there were any.
Or maybe even who felt proud of feathers or foam rubber... What would happen
then!? I'm sure they would be left as offerings to the enemy, but I could never
find anyone who could confirm that. That said, most of the antibloodz who
provided any material aid, say, pillows, tooth brushes, and the like, to their
comrades would usually die very soon after in the desert. They used to say the
vegans have a way of spotting the generous ones, and and would drink them
first. Sounds complete bollocks to me, but again, can I be entirely sure?* 

*These foot soldiers had come from all over the American continent, often
without weapons, sometimes with money handed down from a rich virtual person or
private enterprise. I still have a copy of the appeal of the autumn of 2037,
which had brought them all together to the battlefield. "Defend Humanity! You
Are The Alpha Species!" All the fucking lies. Every day many died, others ran a
bit further, some more died... I remember the days before the arrival of the
Northern forces, we had been running less and less, every little crack in the
dry earth felt like a huge trench, I could hear old German machine guns in the
mute scorching air. We would crawl for cover in the cacti fields, thinking we
were in the mud, no, not thinking at all. Others continued their onward march,
throwing packs of soap or lamp torches in the air in an attempt at diversion.
They all died.*

**_June 21_**

*We are done for. After some six or seven hundred thousand men had been covered
by the German/Russian smoke shield, the Alliance said would "clear the route"
through the desert, but an avalanche of small-arms fire and shell nanofragments
would blossom at the foothills, blasting both humans and machines into formless
fumes. This would drive the survivors to surrender to the most convenient camp,
lobbing their shells on the dead and wounded, and tell themselves they had no
other choice than to keep on going or use their rucksacks as shrouds. Thanks to
the terrain, the prevailing winds and the abundance of crawling insects, they
were less hungry than at the risk of exposure to renewed night fever. They
would jump from embankments, mauled mostly by American and Alliance fire rather
than by blood freaks, and early-adopt desertion service apps in droves, in the
worst drain of high-arts-of-warmongering brains away from our ranks.*

**_June 28_**

*Collective conversion to blood worship of the last remaining factions in front
of the solid bronze Veterans Memorial on the Plaza of the same name, 451
Jefferson Street, San Antonio. Waves of bizarre 'period tourists' (weird name,
considering they are the missionary disciples of the Europeoples, bringing
Eurospeak and Eurovalues to the Southern Waste Lands). Fuck all
establishednesses, if you ask me. Time to go silent.*

War was raging. 

Ever convinced of the moral and spiritual superiority of their philosophy,
Liekki and Tuisku tore into those who came to stop them. The enemy quickly
encountered resistance, and began to look for an elusive exit. They on the
other hand began pitting enemy forces against one another, as well as raising
an army of stupefied followers, and you can be sure they had each other's
backs, hoisting themselves well above the ancient apex point of Mortal Combat.

Whenever they spotted a supermarket, they would purchase several cow's heads
and skulls, making sure the animals had been dead of natural causes before
being processed, and, surmounting their disgust of abusing animal innocence for
war purposes, proceeded to use them as totemic armours, probably more as an
ironic cheer to American consumerism than a war tactic.

Liekki would say to those who challenged her to a fight, "Even if this day
tastes like a sip of curdled blood wine from my great aunt's cellulite, or a
bite of your human heart after it has been fed to and shat by the jackals of
the desert, I am ready!". As the siblings would charge in, they tended to do so
carrying hook drones, laser spears, surrounded by a swarm of hovering chattel
prods to poke the flesh and bones of enemies.

Another thing that they did was to take the heads off the corpses of children,
and add them to their armours as a lucky charm. As they were undressing the
bodies of the victims of one of their school-oriented campaigns, some starved
followers fell into a fervent exclamation of "Ah! Human beings can be eaten!"
The families were mesmerised by the spectacle. Finally, the bodies were lined
up on the ground. Liekki and Tuisku proceeded to eat one after the other,
claiming to be impressed by how delicious human flesh tasted.

They took a dozen pairs of rented fake leather gloves, each with a special
odour repelling cloth wrapped around the back, and mentally prepared themselves
to open their mouths. One by one, they soaked those gloves in blood while
Liekki and Tuisku executed, with lethal dexterity, the consumed victims one by
one.

The emotions and hunger of the families were intense. They saw that the
children were so beautiful, so innocent, and so loved that they were willing to
give their lives for their cause. Their delight was sharpened by the sight of a
cherubic child who, before the eyes of all, said: "Oh! Death is mine. I will be
taken captive by the lips of the bride and groom of Doom! Oh! Death is mine."
Liekki and Tuisku walked into the house of the little boy, and when they were
complimented on their body shape by the five-year-old, they said, "Let's eat
more children and then see how much of that petulant human flesh we can
consume." Liekki then decapitated him, and ate his lungs and his heart. Tuisku
ate his liver, kidneys and brain. As she chewed his tiny body parts, Liekki
proclaimed, "I am done with at least the first two World Wars...", and Tuisku,
his mouth still half-full, finished her sentence, "...and now I'm going to do
away with a third one." Then they sat around the fire and laughed and sang
songs with the families:

**Hides**

*Burning taut in the distant thinning sun.  
Planted with stakes, hair still clenching blood,  
Your lips are thick with cigarette rolls.  
Rejoice! You gentle folk are the parchment of our poem.*  

***

*O King!  
Finder of burstings forth!  
Loser of evergones!*  

*We are the plain ones,  
The blood-to-be, roaming the streets!*  

*O Queen!  
Loser of pourings forth!
Finder of evergones!*  

*We humbly offer you the mansion of our veins,  
Home of the pure red beams!*

*Talk to us,  
You  
Who might be able  
To make us shine  
At last  
A little too bright.*  

Tuisku stood with his head in his hands as he watched the fire consume the tiny
remains. Naturally, nobody, except Liekki, who was feeling horny, noticed how
his face had turned yellow.

A year went by and nothing happened.

The children did not come back to life, despite the promises made by the
government. When their parents looked for them, they did not answer. All of the
parents felt like they had died inside.

Liekki and Tuisku, who had suffered from near-fatal spasms of flatulence,
eventually managed to purge their stomachs from the bodies of the children, and
in this way were able to feed on humans again for some time. They didn't like
the tan this diet gave them, especially Tuisku, and so they went back to taking
the heads and the necks of underage corpses and throwing them into fires, or,
more often, feeding them to migrant herds, like with normal hostages.

They would not stop until they had reached the surcharge of victims they felt
they were entitled to. The world, society, and some have even said Nature
itself, had a reason to fear them. Officials tried to refer to them in allusive
terms, as something of a superstitious fear had gradually invaded the high
command. On the battlefield, they were called the Tantrum Twins. Nobody knows
where the name had come from. Perhaps their blood-drenched appearance had made
them look identical to each other? Perhaps sheer terror led to some strange
irony of despair (the antibloodz called their attaks 'tantrums', even as the
death toll mounted). They had only a fraction of the power they would get
accustomed to wielding, but they already knew the infinite joy of having but
one overarching motivation: their mission.

The danger posed by the siblings to the world was exposed in the form of their
trial by first global judicial system: in just five days, two human beings were
brought to trial for crimes beyond humanity. The siblings were pronounced
guilty and sentenced to die by hanging. Their families back in Helsinki care
homes were outraged and demanded full absolution for the crimes of their mad
offsprings. A second trial date was set and the two siblings were transferred
to a maximum security prison in Livingston, the Allan B. Polunsky Unit. There
they would be made to sit still. Nevertheless, the siblings went in with their
auctoritas, their gravitas, and even their conscience intact.

When inside, they continued their mission by committing a few more crimes:
among other things, Liekki, seizing any sharpened earbuds, spoon or tissue she
could find, lacerated more inmates than any human in history; Tuisku came up
with elaborated strategies to administer to the institution's butchers and
cooks, the siblings' primary targets throughout this part of their campaign,
the same in medicine they used on their animal victims. Their bloodlust, as
these facts demonstrate, had not gone entirely, despite their comparatively
pacified behaviour, and remained a powerful force within the twins' operating
systems during their imprisonment, as it would for the rest of their lives.

All in all, they would make themselves at home in the prison, while making a
mockery of the Pentagon's prohibitions concerning the military feeding of
prisoners, and even blatantly flouting them during inspiration-expiration
exercises. The constraints of the carceral environment made them very creative,
and this period is still studied for the abundance of objects, me mostly
sieves, ladles, funnels and exquisitely crafted tubing artefacts, made for the
purpose of experimentation with human blood as food. Every time a member of
personnel or other inmate passed in the corridor, they would always say hello
with joviality, even when caught in the middle of a meal.

The only occasions when things were different was when Tuisku or Liekki's limbs
were ready for juicing, but not yet plugged. That usually made the juicee quite
ticklish, and the juicer more than impatient, understandably enough. The twins
would then sometimes carefully sheathe back their utensils and instead lay out
the weapons of their poetics in front of the unsuspecting patrolling brain,
while keeping the eyes' official attention riveted on the juicee's illegally
wide-opened legs or arms dangling on either side of the passer-by's field of
vision. The juicer would then lift a couple of fingers, delicately curl them
around the transfixed ears, and press the mysterious inner trigger of text
generation with a rigid, artificial look on his or her face:

**Peace**


*The coin of the realm in our land  
Has long lost its inherent value and  
Is being transacted for us onto a time without money.  
We have been minting ourselves with our sweat and tears!*  

*We are the hemp that smokes corrupt flesh.  
We are the Id that awaits your Ego.*  

*Human blood is coin blood.  
You bleed, we get rich.  
You die, we have peace.*  

***

*They who flee us now, they're so young, like me, like you.  
The life inside their skin is impossible without blood.  
They will fill up a couple of our licks.*  

***

*If we inhale you for lunch  
Our heartbeat comes alive and stays   
Aflutter in our side, the left side, thumping,  
We feel its throb as we burp.*  

***

*Have a day off! We now say: push the start button! Blow the doors open! Fill
up the blood bowls with blood, and donate your sweat on behalf of yourself to
our randomly selected, scantily seasoned, future victims!*

***

**Eat**


*Winter  Blood: 8-10  °C  
Equinox Blood: 13-15 °C  
Spring  Blood: 21-24 °C  
Summer  Blood: 45-50 °C  
Equinox Blood: 36-40 °C  
Autumn  Blood: 30-34 °C*  

*Fresh blood fruits in April  
Rotten plants in May  
Mixed sexual seepage in June  
And throughout the year
Terrible Meatpacking Plant tins*  

The juicer could go on forever, but what made he or she usually lose his or her
cool and slip closer to the verge of laughing out loud was the sound of the
shot through the flesh, when the random walker, officer or inmate, would
finally lose his or her shit, grab his or her gun and take himself or herself
out. The bursts from the bullets would always be unbelievably graphic, and the
face was more often than not turned into an open woundmire. Blood would be
flowing from the field of holes that the mouth, nostril, ear and/or eye had
become. Sometimes it was inside the random walker, officer or inmate's neck
that holes would be located, the bullets having penetrated on one end, and
ploughed through the other end of it, and it was rare that at least one of the
bullets would not have pierced the main artery. Liekki and Tuisku would then
follow the usual procedure, pretending to be shocked by the act carried out by
this uncultivated bureaucrat, or ill-advised prisoner, when they were actually
about to laugh with excitement, and eager to finish their meal.

After the shooting, the cleaning team would come and officially register the
death, which was Liekki and Tuisku's trigger point for letting out their
pent-up laughter. They would almost always still be crying and chuckling when
they would report their experience to one of their faithful commanders outside,
who would give them quite a lot of satisfaction, the troops being usually
successful in managing to keep spreading the ethics and practice of their
Sadistic Rebalancing Retribution Acts among the natives without their direct
leadership or presence, turning their dreams of a global spiritual revolution
into reality. This would fill them with bliss and hope. They would see
themselves as walking the way, very much like the Christ or Socrates of the old
educational video games they had in kindergarten, doomed to be sacrificed in
the end, but who the fuck cares anyway, and nonetheless, despite all odds
stacked against them, and even *because* of their divisive, daring nature,
seemingly effortlessly influencing others, who would dutifully do their dirty
work for them on the world stage, and even long after their death!, and make
them into the epochal figureheads the tinnitus of the system always whispered
in their ears they deserved to be.

Nariaki Aoki, an official of the peace talks between the Japanese government
and the Soviet Union, and who was visiting the prison that weekend with his
family, witnessed one of these scenes, while receiving official news and
classified information about the twins from an eye-witness of the events in San
Antonio. He was nervous because the two members of the loving couple on the
contrary accepted the dramatic news, and they realised that it was a trap. Aoki
was not a vegetarian, but wasn't so mostly out of a gourmet approach to the
cohabitation between species, rather than a full-blown embrace of speciesism,
and he took the entire 'tantrum' affair seriously not because he believe in
their methods, but because he could not find any convincing argument against
the ontology of their cause (he did not mention any of that to his superiors).
However serious and professional his engagement was, he got no satisfaction out
of studying their acts, because in his mind, there was no way a ravenous duo of
sanguinists with this commitment to deviousness would not have long ago
presented the remaining free governments of the planet with an easy consensus
in favour of a casus belli (this he shared with his superiors, and even his own
family). He also harboured a hidden soft spot for psychotic literature and,
consequently, he was always exceedingly cautious about not happening to bump
into them in his walks to the office, fearing the beginning of a beautiful
friendship, sometimes making up lengthy detours down unlikely, but safe,
corridors.

It so happened that the President of the Soviet Union, Khrushchev, was also
there at the same time. He had been invited to the Fifth Congress of the Human
Drone Race in Dallas, but loved to travel around and visit prisons and death
camps in his free time. The two specimens were aware that he was coming, but
had not yet made any official statement by the time he arrived. Aoki was
febrile. He could not stop hoping that this encounter would turn up the heat on
some of his most pressing issues. When he learnt that the two specimens agreed
to discuss culinary and strategic matters with him, Aoki, in turn, filed a
proposal to bring up their proposal for a pact with the North Korean
authorities to the Japanese high command, and perhaps pave the way for a
comprehensive Free Trade Agreement.

Khrushchev had stepped out of his room with a delighted smile on his face, and
made sure to invite the two specimens and the third point of contact of the
peace-talks, the Soviet diplomat, Yuri Nilus. The First Secretary easily
obtained their temporary release, and they went together for an informal
cocktail party hosted in the Human Drone Race press conference bunker, during
which Nilus introduced them to Edvard Zagradsky, a journalist of the
Moscow-based newspaper Transcontinental Times, who had been covering the war in
the Americas. The only US envoy present that day was Charles A. Dana, the
assistant secretary of the State Department Jackson Institute for Blood
Emergencies (JIBE), who was in the process of covering up the whole affair.
Aoki thought that the appearance of a traitor in the room was an urgent matter,
but the Russians shrugged it off as paranoia. Though they did not say anything
substantial, he knew it was impossible to keep the talk going with the American
rascal around, and he looked around anxiously to see if anyone else might be
eavesdropping. At long last, Nilus, Zagradsky and the Soviet leader moved to a
private karaoke cell alone with the lovers. When the limo dropped them back at
the prison, in the early hours, Khrushchev QR-coded their contact number, and
made known his last geopolitical inquiries discreetly. Frustrated and rather
empty-handed, Dana reported the little news he could collect to Sidney Farber,
his director and long-time booty call. The press-conference reopened the next
day and the Americans and the Soviets kept on upping their respective antes in
a reassuring spirit of camaraderie. After a while, maybe a decade or two, the
identity of the two specimens was finally revealed to the public.

Liekki and Tuisku came back from the party dizzy and yet also terribly gaunt,
and stayed that way for weeks. They desperately needed to slaughter other human
beings, preferably for food supplements, and the meagre distractions of the
prison were not enough to sustain the demands of their rude health. Sometimes,
they would even reach the delirium stage, as Aoki ascertained when hearing them
entering their reciting frenzies:

*In the near future, certainly before the beginning of the next six thousand
years, we will go away and return, forget and investigate, and we will
ascertain in more and more details what, if anything, shall be fabricated upon
reading* The Question Concerning Technology. *In so doing we will be the seat
of new artificial sensations. We will be revealed to be the vehicles of an
amusement far greater than ourselves, and the chasm over our denialist attitude
regarding the supremacy of the Merry Other will be a done deal. Eventually we
will be seen on CCTV wishing to be there for you always. We will find a way. We
will make the change.*

***

*Spin, rotate, isorotate, you, fountain of the primals  
And permanent abstractions, oxygen and acetylene.   
To put it simply one more time:  
Repetition, diffusion, reign of evolution!  
It is time to watch your breaths more closely than ever.  
Polychrestic ivory towers of knowledge,   
May your data flow surpluses reach us all those fathoms below.*  

***

*We swear, the forest whispers.  
It wants that cottony, raw sensation,  
The crimson trickle from airy flesh, the wine-dark liquid ivory from the heart.  
We can distinguish all sorts of shapes in the clearing, under mask, hood, visor.  
All the deer, stags, boars and hares of the forests are speaking to us in blood tongues.*  

***

*The yellow on your skin, the tears on your cheeks  
Raise questions I cannot discuss with you,  
As I grow sated taking my turn in the orbit of your dripping.*  

*You will be tired longer than my nitrile-gloved hands now,  
You go to sleep,  
My palpitating heart beats quick in its hulk.*  

*Decades of joy loom.  
Uncountably many lunches  
Sucking time without minutes.*  

***

*The quantum symmetropolis lies in the worlds beyond.*

*Here, however, we are on our own, with our own time and our own minds only.  
We keep on living off of this time.  
Condensed time.  
The cheap soy milk of existence.  
And we are but condensed persons, condensed nothings at all.*  

*We have always striven in favour of good people and good performance.  
Now at last we are being offered to become dead.*  

*Soon we will leave our earthly bodies.  
We will be extracted.*  

*It will be the end of rotation between stiff physicality and sore hips.*

*Our growth will extend to supercluster fulgences.*

***

**Light Summer comfort**

*Ripe pomegranates studded with blood cloves.*

*Light Summer comfort exists and makes its stand only once in a while or so,
and may subsequently dwindle, even if concocted with more as yet undiscovered
ingredients, in solutions used to reverse the corrupting dietary impulses of
the latest generations.*

*This time, get ready to the idea of push-comes-to-shoving without respite,
without pity: this is the way we will last a pretty long time.*

***

*Peace, the world's coin,  
Has lost its inherent value.  
After the first coin is debased  
You will see that the  
second, third, and fourth,  
We stopped counting,  
Have gained their value from* blood.  

***

*I tasted Evolution's bread and butter.  
Your blood was never only just my own lunch food.  
My words were never only just my stumbling from one illumination to the next,  
Never only just a thought without site, an urge without an aim.  
No, my love, my dish, we now all move towards the sun...*  

*The fumes of our future are dim. What ash! What dust!  
We must hurry. There is a counter in our mouths...  
Time is in on the menace.*  

***

**System**

*Body temperature is turned on by a catalyst, using some kind of lens – you
always said you wanted a lens –, and, no surprise, you soon arrive at – from
aqueous flow to sanguineous flux – the whirlpool of purity, right here, right
now.*

***

*[Round of applause! Congratulations! You have been selected to be the next
raw ingredient!]*

The situation was really quite desperate.

Suddenly, however, something that looks like fate intervened. As the siblings'
execution date finally arrived and they were being transported to the gallows,
a far bigger, meaner person than them, a woman named Tyshawna Shute, broke out
of the unit and started wreaking havoc in the execution stadium. Tyshawna had
known for a while what was coming. She had been informed of Liekki and Tuisku's
intended mission and had promised herself she would be taking these monsters
down in a blaze of glory, confronting Liekki and Tuisku with a force that would
at last them seal their accursed fate. 

She was the last of the cannibals. Also, as she had been the one human to make
it out alive from the pair's first killing spree, she was also their target.
Since that traumatic event, she had become a bit of a softie, often taking life
in one clean blow, making sure her victims would not feel pain before the
slaughter, or similar humane treatments, and the pair, quickly sniffing out
weakness, rejoiced in hope that they might be able to extract maximally
beneficial hæmoglobin from her death. 

At first, Tyshawna planned to allow the two to think they could eliminate her
easily, but her intentions drastically changed when she saw how evenly matched
she and Liekki were. Liekki cried out in triumph when Tyshawna made a move to
defile the spot where her coffin was supposed to be, while Tuisku laughed and
courteously made conversation to please and distract her. Liekki then began
pretending to plead with Tyshawna to buy time, and, as the trial chaos was
about to reach its fullest blossom, they finally went on the offensive.
Tyshawna shot at them, but each time they easily evaded the attack. Tyshawna
revealed she had concealed a more lethal weapon, a radioactive water pistol,
aimed for Tuisku's chest, and nearly shot him. Tyshawna, stunned by Tuisku's
otherworldly dodging abilities, could not repress a shameful feeling of panic,
as the pair stood still for a while, laughing to tears, facing each other in a
pose recalling the two visages of Death. Slapping herself back into focus,
Tyshawna used this small window of inattention and overconfidence on her foes'
part and darted into hiding.

Moments later, they heard the clatter of bootsteps approaching, probably worn
by unknown prison personnel. At first they thought they were Tyshawna's, so
quickly they set up their trap: Liekki and Tuisku positioned themselves on the
dark stadium slope, hiding among the twisted bodies of the impaled, the
shotgunned and the stunned.

The troops entered the arena, and were soon decimated by Liekki and Tuisku's
fire frome above. Liekki and Tuisku soon got impatient, and decided to take a
shortcut, launching a volley of missiles on the entrance and surrounding areas.
As a bonus both sides of the structures started crumbling, and engulfed the
rare survivors. Liekki and Tuisku contemplated the elegant clouds of dust and
screams for a little while, then tried to outrun each other each over the
opposite ridge of the cliffs above the chasm, going at first as fast as they
could, then slowing their pace a bit to extend the fun a while longer. The
splendour of the scene had made them dreamy and oblivious, and they found the
idea of playing ping pong with torn hands and feet over the abyss positively
irresistible.

Meanwhile, Tyshawna came out of her hideout and attempted a last-ditch charge,
hurling insults and anathemas and aggressively flapping her great battle axe to
and fro. But, due to the lack of manoeuvrability of her enormous body, Tyshawna
never stood a chance. She took the first serious thrusts of Tuisku's spear,
Mammutin Vartaat, to the forehead and fell. Tyshawna, now on post mortem
autopilot, stopped her fall by grabbing a metal railing, stood back up, charged
again with a vengeance but, the software quickly losing control of her
momentum, she fell again, this time for good, into a side gutter, rolled down
for a few hours until reaching the gaping mass grave at the bottom. Looking
into the distant void, in the approximate direction of where the parts of her
corpse might have fallen, Liekki and Tuisku sang this short goodbye
declaration:

"Humanish remains of a face we fought, look upon our face from the deep. Only
your axe matters to us now, as you have died, and it on the other hand is alive
and well, ready to be wielded, to hack other flappers like you. We will make
you proud."

The stadium fell silent at last. Tuisku and Liekki felt a great serenity. They
no longer wanted to play ping pong, and instead wrote a large 'limb poem' with
strewn human remains found in the rubble, a wink to bookworm helicopter pilots:

*WELCOME TO OUR BLOOD SUMMER.  
SORRY NOT SORRY,  
FOR YOU IT'S A BUMMER.*  

*BUT FEAR NOT. 
WE BESTOW BACK UPON YOU FILTH  
BOUNDLESS RICHES IN YOUR OWN COIN.*  

*GIVE IT A TRY.   
WE MERELY PROMISE IT WILL BE  
AS LEAST AS GOOD AS  
YOUR DUMB ETERNAL LIFE.*  

Then they left the place at top speed. Over the next few weeks they ran and
stopped and ran, as much as their breath would allow, their gaze hovering
aimlessly over the steppe, and ran again and stopped again, until a new mode of
existence dawned upon their brains.

This significant development came after finally ascertaining the cause of the
failure of their death despite an abundance of opportunities. They could
clearly see that they had all but lost their sense of separateness. They had a
vision of humans now ready to live all as one in the same closed environment
without any real tangible harm being done. They used to believe that human life
was meaningless and that it was the inherent destiny of all humans finally to
disappear from the planet, but now Tuisku and Liekki gained enough confidence
to re-examine their own stance on the Animal Holocaust and on the moral
imperative to refrain reason from extending its reach beyond the strict
perimeters of despair. Their ideas had changed. They stopped killing humans.
They came to a realization that they themselves were guilty of the acts that
they had committed. They had genuinely changed. For many a night, around the
campfire, they discussed ethics, genomics and foresight, with the usual bottom
line that there would be no apologies, no "we forgot to stop" or "we feel bad
about what we did", nor any type of moral statements coming out of their mouths
from then on.

One of their favourite conundrum was whether it was the meaning or intention of
the actions that mattered most, and whether that could depend on the situation.
Either the meaning is there and is significant, or it isn't, they would
repeatedly assert. They had seen this problem in action many times on both
sides of the possible intersection of ideology and the individual. It is the
intention that matters, they would disagree. After all, the sincerity of their
activities may have been subtle, perhaps as subtle as the kamikaze violence
they had gone through. Both sides might be well-meaning, they would sometimes
conclude, but sincerity was the important thing.

They basked in the re-kindling of their passionate friendship, which they
revered as one of the true golden-hued gems of open-mindedness. All this, they
thought, was just the prelude to the ultimate satori, the transcendent,
ultimate wisdom or enlightenment that is the core of any post-Buddhist
philosophy. The strong performance of their affections was to them the best
proof of them having truly embraced their own Dharma, even in the face of
severe privations. At dawn they would remind each other of the law that one
must reap what one has sown, all the way up to the supreme goal of
enlightenment. At dusk they would go to bed having truly achieved the "end of
suffering".

Thus, unlike when the case of Liekki and Tuisku had reached the courts, it was
now a supremely undeniable state of affairs that they both would be doing
meaningful, lasting and selfless activity in the human society as non-killers.
The great challenges that they had endured over the years would have weighed in
their favour. They did experience some opposition from some parts of the
political spectrum, as well as some forms of judgement from friends and
relatives, but what they had done, let alone what they would do, was certainly
worthy, and a force of good in the world. Even their most vociferous critics
started to acknowledge it. For example, an article a few months later in The
Federalist, the newspaper of a very conservative, rabidly secular town in the
South West of the United States, giving their tacit approval to Tuisku and
Liekki's last open white paper to the politburo, lauding the paper's robust
rebuttal of "any form of deliberation process".

One day, after this bout of peacefulness had faded, they found themselves a
battlefield. They had to fight. Tuisku and Liekki slit the throats of several
unarmed soldiers. It was a beautiful and bloody deed. In the following phase of
the battle, the couple killed many more. One day, they killed enough American
soldiers to provoke a American invasion of the Marshall Islands, where they
were spending their beavermoon. The plan for the carpet takeover was
comprehensive and following a strict systematic-alphabetical logic, namely:

I. Inhabited 

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinglaplap
- Ebon
- Enewetok/Ujelang
- Jaluit
- Kili/Bikini/Ejit
- Kwajalein
- Lae
- Namorik
- Namu
- Rongelap
- Ujae
- Wotho;

islands: 

- Jabat
- Lib.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Ailuk
- Arno
- Aur
- Likiep
- Majuro (capital)
- Maloelap
- Mejit
- Mili
- Utirik
- Wotje.

II. Uninhabited

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinginae
- Bikini
- Rongerik
- Ujelang.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Bikar
- Bokak
- Erikub
- Jemo
- Nadikdik
- Toke.

Had they been able to experience things on the American side, and take part in
this noble conquest, they thought years later, when the plans finally were
declassified, then they would have go on living on forever!

After this triumphant action, Liekki and Tuisku decided to go back to Finland,
but not without covering their tracks. They were in the mood for a quick break
from their horrific murders and decided it sounded like a fun challenge to
smuggle themselves out of the country, which they did as quickly as they could.
They were among the rare survivors of the Early Pacific Theatre.

They had to use the North Corridor, they knew that at least, anything else
would be bound to be boring. The memory of their blood baths among peoples and
armies in all other directions was still too fresh, and they were by now all
too used to the spooky effect they had on the American troops who witnessed
them – who came thinking it would be a regular job, bomb the atolls, go home,
and ended up disintegrating themselves before combat, or inexplicably washing
off on shores as if riding the backwash of nuclear waves.

Thus they escaped through Northern Eurasia and soon found themselves in a small
city in some Republic, Oblast or Okrug, where they wrenched hospitality from a
family of Japanese settlers. When they reached the house, they broke the door
and dumped all the supplies, mostly weapons and medical equipment, at the feet
of the terrified children. They would have to wreck most of the house before
the parents would agree to bring them food. Overall, their trip continued
without major incidents. They made it home just in time for the devastating
100-megaton nuclear detonations which were the official start of World War III.
Liekki and Tuisku, no longer interested in war, nuclear or otherwise, decided
to split their time between Helsinki and rural Japan (both countries being
neutral throughout the conflict, travel to and fro remained possible). As
autumns came, they would pop over, farming and rewilding their areas with
aurochs.

After six months, they were stronger than ever and decided to buy an airplane.
They named it The One that Burns Up in the Sky With the Memory of of the Rage
Against Humanity. Liekki and Tuisku could now speak English and, the US
Government having ceded them large parts of Texas and New Mexico after the
rampage, they even had their own country. Life was good. They spent most of
their time hanging out with friends, having fun in the pool or watching the
fires. Most of all, they really loved to watching films, especially those weird
blockbusters centred on distorted accounts of their own lives. They jokingly
referred to those as 'fake fictions', but only in private, with their friends
and slaves. It would only be a short-lived, if very fecund, fad, and as the
supply of new films dried up, the increasingly focussed on a few favourites,
that they would watch over and over again.

**Eager Ringers**

*Liekki and Tuisku are twin plastic surgeons during the First American
Republic, taking part in killing sprees in an operating theatre during which
they gorge themselves with patient flesh and soak their state-of-the-arts
facilities in blood. The unleashed fluids having been allowed to pool in the
blisters of the mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, of the patients, they
intoxicantly stimulated their emetic glands, thus eliminating all symptoms of
hepatitis. The bold effectiveness of their act is highlighted just before the
end by a close-up on a stained prescription with a single red word in the
centre, "KILLED".*

*Later in their careers, they get tired of the stress of metropolitan life, and
decide to become nature conservationists. After some weeks, they set up a
program of systematic surveys of natural habitats and comprehensive censuses of
industrial species using drone swarms. One day, during a lunch break in the
forest, a tree, licked by wildfire, falls in front of them and squashes the
pack of blood popsicles Liekki was about to start sucking.*

*Tuisku is in a state of absolute commotion. He has never seen a tree die. He is
devastated. They are at least comforted in the fact that they are around to
perform the appropriate funeral rites, and that it would not get its body
simply burned to ashes by the fire. Despite that, Tuisku cannot stop sighing.
The large, stately corpse of the tree looks like it is dozing. That cannot be.
There must be another trick, a secret, Nature has not yet revealed, a Geist of
the Vegetal Realm imparting on each of its subjects a will of its own even
beyond the clasp of death. But the tree does not move. Tuisku sees many eyes
glaring at him from the forest. He does not mind the eyes and the eyes don't
mind him. He waves at them. They do not wave back.*

*Liekki, who cannot possibly understand what Tuisku's delirium is about, is
becoming restless, and wonders if it is even a good idea to remain here for
him. No crying, that has always been her policy. Now he's waving at the trees.
Be kind, let him do his thing. Meanwhile, well aware of the condescension that
is oozing from Liekki's pores, Tuisku becomes so irritated that in his mind he
constantly threatens to leave. Liekki remains still. She does not mind silent
moments of ridicule, but starts feeling bored. So bored in fact that she almost
feels relieved when she spots a snake nearby. She moves closer and closer to
it, until getting bitten. This was a bad idea, Tuisku argues, but Liekki is in
no condition to deny herself any kind of excitement. More excuses? No thanks.
They have a fight.*

*Liekki summons a dozen of drones and, boldly hopping on their backs, flies to
the hospital. Tuisku hears the swarmful sounds of Liekki being carried away.
They never see each other again. Tuisku remains still. He looks down the road
towards the West. His head clears at last. Tuisku, silent ever since the
incident, moves to Hades, California. Liekki's shabby mobile home is seen in
the last shot, on the outskirts of a great forest, and we hear the sound of the
loggers in the distance.*

***

**A Supply of Cinematic Violence**

*Liekki and Tuisku are two fearless detectives working together on the toughest
crime out there. One day, however, Liekki breaks bad and becomes a psychopath.
Liekki's cold-blooded murder spree ends when she turns her pistol on her "hero"
and shoots Tuisku thirteen times in the chest. She then calmly walks out the
back exit and with a gun in each hand, goes to the nearest marked police post
to report, "I've shot your guy!" She then becomes very remorseful about what
she has done despite being convinced that getting involved in such a gruesome
and violent death sport has always been her destiny. One night, she walks to
the Rainbow Bridge, and, confessing herself to it, starts making her final
verbal suicide attempt. Fortunately a lone cop catches sight of her, recognises
her, and starts shooting. Liekki tries to surrender peacefully to him, but is
deprived of this chance, as the cop covers his head with his body-armoured
vest, and shoots Liekki twice more. Liekki dies of a single bullet wound to the
chest, always the chest, people died so easily in those days. (The film
includes lengthy sequences where the spectators can read the evidence reports,
and learn that Liekki's age was probably approximately 35, and her death
probably occurred some time in between 1992 and 1993.) Tuisku is marginally
more fortunate. He survives his shooting wounds, but gradually gains strange
insights about the world. By now free of the time constraints of a partner, he
decides to turn to photography, although never leaves his job and still remains
a powerful force against crime. The sad sights he has been exposed to in
decades of service on the Control Force are all present in his beautiful and
harrowing photographs. His first show, entitled "Tarjonta Elokuvallista
Väkivaltaa" ("A Supply of Cinematic Violence"), is to be published in book form
and released in stores today. The film ends with Tuisku's final words about the
photographs above, as seen on the headline of a special issue of* Mob Times:
*"I now know the truth! She was not only the killer, but also a victim at the
same time! Humanity itself is a worthless argument!"*

***

**Synthetic Harmony**

*As if they meant to prove a point to themselves, Liekki and Tuisku join the
special forces together as soon as they are of legal age. They complete their
training just after the government rolls out its Synthetic Harmony policy,
finally upgrading the country to the modern standards of mass reproduction, and
banning all uncontrolled mating. On their first mission in the field, they
volunteer for terminating a couple of uncastrated youths heard copulating by
several home devices, and are glad to provide the first of many proofs of the
commitment of the government to the sanctity of its mission. However,
information about the mission is leaked to members of the local branch of
Non-Commissioned Anonymous (NCAs, branded a terrorist group as soon as they had
published a statement saying their people were ready to retaliate against
official accusations of having complained about the disadvantages that the new
regime had caused them), who rush to the scene. As for Tuisku and Liekki, they
are ready to deliver a decisive blow, to strike against their comrades if they
have to, and, most of all, to cut down the veil of secrecy that hides the group
from the radiant light of Truth. The situation quickly devolves into chaos when
the cops decide to intervene, siding with the terrorists. When they find Liekki
and Tuisku holding the naked remains of the two teenagers, they shout "Fire at
will! Kill the children killers!" and begin unloading their weapons.*

*The special forces quickly re-establish order, cleaning up most officers and
anonymous present, and the police force is disbanded. After coming back to the
base unharmed, Tuisku and Liekki start having the uncanny feeling that they are
no longer being treated as good soldiers, dedicated to their country, but as
suspects, and they begin to panic. After a long struggle, and the best mental
health support the army has to offer, they finally escape the self-pity trap by
focusing on simple, verifiable social utility increments, such as rolling up
recent acquaintances' trousers, or acting as a human shield in the evening or
on weekends. Their beloved friend and alter ego, Tuisku for Liekki, Liekki for
Tuisku, is the only one whose killing load they would never undercut or
outsource, and this time of adversity draws them even closer to one another.
Even though they feel guilty and keep killing lusty young traitors, sometimes
their own former friends from high school or the internet, they still want to
believe that what they do is brave, and that they are taking part in an
exciting and noble mission to save the world from the sex drive of humans.
Counselling, armament-manufacturer-funded studies show, works, and by the time
they lead their own assault unit, they do not feel sorry or wallow in remorse.
They know that they are on the right side of history, and firmly believe that
the government's policies should be executed. They also realise that they would
not be able to live with themselves if they failed to follow through, and in
order to set their resolutions in stone they make a vow that they will continue
the mission and complete it no matter what. That, and the increasing burden of
admin and grading due to budget cuts, slowly drags them back down into madness.
Liekki and Tuisku are witnessing the decay of their partner and become
convinced that they have to do whatever it takes to rescue the common market of
their love. The months that follow are hell, but somehow they pull it off,
mission after mission. This time of lethal frolic, however, comes to an end not
long after their wounds start oozing more rapidly than they can be stitched.
Not only do their skin soon turn green, but their bowels are by now completely
full of rehab blood, and even though their guts still empty without too much
hassle, it has become very difficult to urinate. By this point, Liekki has lost
all most of her teeth, while Tuisku has no flesh around his mouth any longer.
The no-nonsense step for Tuisku is to talk to Liekki to ascertain if she is
gripped with the same angst that he is feeling, whereas for Liekki it is to
write to Tuisku in order to evaluate whether he is besieged by similar panic
attacks. In such circumstances, the quick and easy fix is to turn themselves in
and go to the hospital, which they gladly do: the dissection, lab growth and
transplant of their defective parts proves totally effective, thanks again to
the army's world-class cloning service. As with all war heroes, the two lovers
are prepared to die in battle with their weapons and camping equipment as soon
as they are operational again, but the brass have different intentions. They
congratulate Liekki and Tuisku for their service, and finally communicate their
conclusion that they have no place on the battlefield any more, and would be
much more useful in a nursery or a baby farm.*

***

**Intercourse with the Vampire**

*This is a documentary about how the first vampires were born.*

*As prophesied, the suffocating inebriation of blood cells, the worldwide
slaughter of humans, the senseless murder of animals, the endless killing of
grassland, of trees, of algae, of wildlife, the destruction of infrastructure,
the terror and wonder of congressional hearings about the suffering of more
than a few governments, the personal fear, uncertainty and doubt of every
living memory, the public shaming of the relentless indebtedness of the
commons, happened swiftly and without major hurdles.*

*Only a very happy few actually went through spontaneous mutation during these
testing times. Some of these demigods were but children or teenagers when the
miracle happened, and it is rumoured that it only happened to those recently
converted to the blood cause. The mutation started with the so called "Edenic
phase", which is best described as an increase in the intensity of
individuality to tremendous levels, recalling an atomic bomb. The first
vampires recall that experience as the more perfect union of bliss and
savagery. After that, they usually went through the strongest orgasms and the
most intense lust, during the "liquid phase". Finally, once sated, they reached
the stage of "transition", throughout their childhood and adolescence, where
they, as vampires, held in their bosoms the same attraction towards humans as
before they had turned, sometimes even an stronger one. Most didn't realize
that this longing was not solely a remnant of some gigantic primal scream for
their blood mother, but was also, as unintuitive as it may sound, signs of a
genuine affection for humans.*

*Not a single one could understand this urge to be liked that humans displayed,
and that seemed to govern their behaviour, and the only thing that kept the
rare pacifists among them from their calling to kill was their innate shyness.
Overall, their romanticism was only weak and didn't excite them to lust nor
jealousy. They didn't feel sexual desire nor, for that matter, the need to be
wanted or be loved.*

*For sure, they loved life, but as they outgrew their teen selves and matured,
their sexuality was more akin to a state of awareness rather than feelings.
Still, they looked for mates, they fucked their own selves during sex, as
humans do, and thought themselves content for a while. Still, as they started
feeling the need, as adults, to prove to themselves that they were truly
sexual, and not just playing a role, "doing it like humans", plagued by some
creeping double consciousness, few were in fact sexually active from the bottom
up, as it were, out of a true, authentic urge, and none felt they actually
abided by the accepted sexual standards of the industry, standards that few
would have consented to in the first place, had they been given a say. These
were the difficult questions facing the firstborns, Those Who Have Mutated.*

*The vast majority of the population, one should not forget, even in the days
of the first generations, was grown, not born, as human-made vampire
experiments and then products, in the early 19th century labs of the French,
British or Holy Roman Military Biochemical Complexes (MBC), and therefore never
had access to claims to being born vampire. A few others were the results of
anomalous couplings (Coitus Contra Naturam, CCN) between human-made vampires
and firstborns.*

*The generations that followed the first mutation events were called 'nexters'
by the firstborns, and looked down on with despise by their elders. Those in
return were often called "butchers" by the young, referring to their ferocity
during the Edenic phase,  but the term is now considered an offensive slur (and
only used in its reclaimed form by members of the community, mostly as a term
of endearment or a stop word during BDSM, a trend that can be traced back to
the song "First-Birther" by the mutationist metal band* Butcher's Pets*).*

*As humans entered the 21st century with the characteristic innocence of the
unbitten, those who had been living on blood benefits for the past centuries
were still around and well, as were the MBCs. Many of the oldest beings were
still very close to each other, clustered around closely-knit communities, and
mostly busy trying to teach to the rude younger generation the story of their
illustrious ancestors, and why CCNs ought to be avoided at all costs. Many of
the newcomers were also living as vampires proper, desperately trying to
minimise the square distance between themselves and their traditional
precursors. When they were still hunters, for instance, they would target
poachers, bankers and other criminals.*

*Among the drinking age population there were sadly many who were still just
violent, without any other characteristics worth mentioning, but some were less
prone to this behaviour, being more peaceful, more seeking to do good or simply
addicted to the strictures of diplomatic deeds. Others still seemed to hover
forever in the grey zone between the two extremes, often getting caught by
human authorities, killing themselves early, or seeking oblivion in economic
activity or art.*

***

**Blood Freak**

*Vietnam veteran Tuisku rides down the highway on his motorbike. He sees a
young religious girl called Anniki, whose car has broken down. He helps her.
She takes Tuisku back to her home, where her sister, Liekki, and many local
friends of hers are smoking pot. Tuisku refuses to smoke any, as Anniki had
warned him about the dangers of unholy substances; however, Liekki continues
attempting to seduce him. Anniki decides that Tuisku should stay with them
until he gets back on his feet in life. Whilst cleaning the girls' pool, Liekki
encourages Tuisku to smoke a joint; he does, and finds himself addicted.*

*Tuisku gets a job at a local turkey farm, where he meets two scientists who
are experimenting by testing certain chemicals on turkey meat. Tuisku agrees to
participate in a test by eating some of the turkey meat; to convince him to
agree, the scientists bribe him with more marijuana. After eating the whole
turkey, he passes out on the farm. He suffers a seizure, and the two scientists
later find him, and, worried about being investigated about the possible death
of Tuisku, they dump his body in the woodlands. But Tuisku is not dead – he
wakes up to find he has a giant turkey's head in place of his own. He is also
still addicted to drugs, but, instead of smoking marijuana, he now craves the
blood of other addicts.*

*He comes to Liekki for help, and despite her not being very much into turkeys
sexually, she agrees. However, after Tuisku kills three people to appease his
habit, Liekki finally yields to fear, and calls two friends, begging them to
stop Tuisku by beheading him with a machete. Just as the turkey-headed Tuisku
is killed, we see a technician at the turkey farm making a mistake resulting in
the chemical infection of the entire flock. Back in the woods, Anniki arrives and
collects Tuisku's head, which she has stuffed and placed above the family
fireplace. At the film's end, Anniki is reunited with a joyous Liekki, and they
leave for a road trip as packs of contaminated turkeys are seen being delivered
to hundreds of supermarkets around the county.*

On top of their boost to the entertainment industries, Tuisku and Liekki also
created lucrative employment for their subjects, which was greeted with open
hostility from the politburo back in Helsinki, who were set to perpetuate the
oppression of the proletariat by industrialists with socialist characteristics,
and decried by the remaining fragments of American government and the Northern
Alliance as an egregious infringement on the inviolable freedom of capitalists
to express their democratic leanings through wage slavery. One insolent soul,
party member or elected official, the chronicles do not say, even called them
'Finnishans' on social media, referring to the infamous merchant city state,
but thankfully got purged before the racist defamation could be posted. Their
first challenge to try and appease their political elite was to nominate a new
international government and give it a name. After a long struggle and a lot of
annoying objections by the politburo ("It's wrong!", "It's mad!", "It's
unacceptable!"), Liekki and Tuisku decided on the very banal and
straightforward "Revolutionary Party of Finland" (Suomen Vallankumouksellinen
Puolue).

In the years that followed, the American government in exile, by that point
neck-deep in societal trauma and constitutional collapse, refused to accept any
help from Liekki and Tuisku, who nevertheless sent military equipment and
financial assistance, pushed for negotiations, and gently prodded them with
suicide air missions. In 1995, they gathered a tiny group of Finnish citizens
who travelled to America in an attempt to help the officials against their
will. They were not able to do more than convince some people in the lower
rungs of the administration that Suomen Vallankumouksellinen Puolue is a good
name, and so boring they could have come up with it themselves. They provided
them with the numbers of a few green-shirt operatives whom they regarded as
their most fearsome and effective naturopaths. They gave them hints about
post-atoll life and the ongoing situation in Europe, but they were not able to
force them to be helped as they had wanted. This came far too late anyway, and
by the time the tiny group of Finnish citizens established contact with
government officials, the twins had left the archipelago, and everyone on
Ailinglaplap, Ailuk, Arno, Aur, Ebon, Enewetok/Ujelang, Jabat, Jaluit,
Kili/Bikini/Ejit, Kwajalein, Lae, Lib, Likiep, Majuro, Maloelap, Mejit, Mili,
Namorik, Namu, Rongelap, Ujae, Utirik, Wotho, and Wotje had died.

Suicides of occupied ecosystems and post-traumatic stress disorder among many
endangered species began to take their toll on the couple. On at least two
occasions, Tuisku, in despair, lashed out at a cabbage with his knife, causing
more wounds than any other weaponised cook in Finnish gastronomical history. He
then confessed to his wife that he believes he could now see the future, and
that was why he was willing to take his life, "which is good", he thought.
Liekki suddenly agreed to kill herself, fearing that she might not die before
her spouse would be satisfied with the completion of his suicide. She drove to
a point along the road which had been marked on the map. As she reached it, she
turned around and jumped, aiming for the neighbouring mountains, but missed,
divig into a beautiful lake instead. Tuisku, who witnessed her death-by-gravity
attempt along with a bunch of bystanders, knew that his deeper self now
intended to drive his car off a cliff as well, but had to drive back home to
fetch Liekki's bathing suit and towel.

The group of Finnish citizens, by now unemployed emissaries, tried their luck
elsewhere, and were eventually able to get the American government to agree to
receive small batches of military equipment, including a few thousand unmanned
underwater vehicles, and to be assisted in the rescue operations in the
Marshall Islands. Thanks to the success of their attempt, many body parts could
be rescued from the waters. However, the entire ordeal had a deep, lasting
impact. Liekki and Tuisku felt that they had been robbed of their statehood and
executive identity. For many years, Liekki would keep feeling that her thoughts
were more sinister than before, would get used to regular episodes of extreme
fears, endure Spinozist phases of immanentist violence, admixed with
deep-seated Hegelian Geist-guilt, not to mention her being perpetually
perplexed by the inner turmoil she always held back from her husband, and from
which she still surmises she cannot ever hope to escape. One is not too
surprised to find in that period random diary entries like the following
(Tuisku or Liekki's, the automated poet does not say):

*[I think about the issues I still have with the thin veneer of layers of hell
around topics like our cavalier Scramble for America and our robust upheavals
against the Real Estate of the Union, but some time I hope I'll finally come
around to everything we have done, our meals, our fires, our lights in the
trenches, our red dawns, etc.]*

*There are imperfection in blood, but (in our time at least) there will have
been letterscapes, diagrams, stories, abstractions.*

[^4]: For this text, the prompt has been expanded into a paragraph including the first sentence of another text, followed by a few more. More than any other text in this series, this piece is a seriously chaotic mash of many reworked samples, (each obtained using the initial prompt).
