A couple of vegans from Helsinki, Finland, Tuisku and Liekki (fictitious
names), were very happy with their new diet when they turned, as it reflected
their ethical ideals as much as it fostered their gastronomical imagination,
and it seemed to them that this exciting bliss would go on forever. However,
after a while, they confessed to each other bouts of carnivorous urges coming
more and more often to nag them. After many feverish brainstorming sessions,
crises of doubts, and outbursts of hope, they came up with an idea: they would
feed on each other's blood.

**

As crazy as it might seem, Tuisku and Liekki wanted to live completely on
blood, and they decided that the best solution would be to install indwelling
catheters in order to get a little blood every day. They enthusiastially
started out with this routine and, although some surprises awaited them, like a
strange, unusual tingling sensation in their legs whenever their friend's body
was on the table, they were able to deal with them. Adjusting to their new life
would take a while, however, and they would have to dig into their veins at
least once a week in order to inject the nutrition they needed to recover from
the diet. Nevertheless, life went on.

About ten years later, for no apparent reason, they underwent a major change of
heart, travelled to a tiny village in India, experienced a new life, and
decided never to come back. After a year into their stay, they realized why
they had not been able to enjoy being fully vegan before. Without even
realising it, they lost their lust for blood and alcohol. They remained in
India for another year, working for the well known Jarrow Formulas Research
Centre near Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. Going vegan in Southern India was easy,
although it was hard and challenging in other ways, and certainly quite
different from their prior life in Helsinki. It was the real thing, but it was
good. They had to learn new skills, such as how to climb on an elephant without
ropes, how to carry a heavy load for a couple of days on a tight schedule, or
how to brew a custom batch of beer with the correct spices. By the end of their
exchange programme in Mattancherry, they even managed (barely, but still) to
follow their Jain colleagues' holy cooking instructions in Prakrit.

In the summer of 2006, they decided to return to Finland. After much
deliberation, they decided to try their hand at a blood vegan diet again. They
had to make options available for themselves, as they had all the running water
and electricity they could ever need, but they still had to find their own
source for blood. Luckily, they were both located in the centre of Oulu, which,
like all Finnish megalopolises, was a place where you could buy anything at any
hour. (The only shortage of blood-based foods they ever heard of was on the
eastern fringes of the country, where there are relatively small numbers of
cities with 10 million+ inhabitants.) They started their return to their old
diet with a simplified variation on an original dish of theirs, which was also
their favourit meal ever: the Kotteri Hakata Vampirole, using sautéed mushrooms
from the arctic.

However, proving that this second round was a viable plan, and not another of
their big tests of will, was no mean feat. They needed to make other parts of
their lives more compatible, more aligned, with their decision. Thus, they
applied to take part in their university research on hemoglobin design. This
was one of many popular programs for transsanguines, and one that led Tuisku
and Liekki to do a summer course in how to do transition themselves. Using a
coin throw to consult the universe, Heads decided to go from A+ to the
universal recipient, AB+, while Tails turned from B- to O-, the universal
donor. It was a difficult, but extremely rewarding experience, leading them to
apply for a thesis research project that would let them help other people
explore, and, if they so wished, change, their blood types. They became
obsessed with the endless possibilities opened by transsanguinism, and other
signs of the gradual triumph of human ingenuity over humanity. They were so
entranced and convincing that no sooner than a few weeks later two of their
friends accepted to be gunea pigs for their first post-transition transfusion:
Heads's friend receiving Tails' blood, and Tails' friend giving theirs to
Heads.

It goes without saying that endured many daily hardships and minute acts of
intolerance, and nagging self-harmful thoughts. Nevertheless, they kept their
promise to themselves, using their experience in India as a fount of hope and
fortitude. As happened to many outliers in societies, transsanguines were
placed under strict surveilance and control: they would only be allowed to eat
synthetic vegetables, pickled fruits, and state-approved blood. They were
surprised when they realized they had developed firm, thick and healthy veins
again.

Tails enrolled in the Whole Foods Market Corporation's GOOD HARVEST program for
international blood donations. Sadly, despite the reiterated guarantees from
the company and strong legal protections, international pressure for universal
donor blood led to corruption and short-termism, and the resulting surpluses in
extraction and tampering with patient health data led to the death of many of
the donors. It would be a surprise if Tails hadn't been among the first to go.
Thanks to the ease of repair granted by its new blood type, Heads was
conscripted into the Force three times for wars and twice for mass extinction
events relief, most likely leading to an early death.
