
**

What better way to fill his stomach with the blood of another human being than
to eat its flesh?

7. Outsiders are invited to watch, or perhaps even participate, in horror films

A film-maker, John Cleese, has a habit of depicting the most horrifying of
scenes in his films. From The Exorcist to Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer to 72
Hours, he's ever so cleverly been able to make shocking scenes work without
resorting to gratuitous gore. Perhaps it is his aplomb (or a wish to be a
screenwriter) that drives him to tormentingly express the darkest of, well,
darkest of thoughts. This includes going to the very edge of upsetting
situations, only to retract the tension with a few words of fuuuun.

In a horror movie, imagine a film being made as a serialised television drama
that maintains the narrative flow. As the viewer follows the events of the film
together, they are encouraged to consider the situational/mental effects that
result from a specific person, or persons, behaving in a particular way.
Therein lies most of the fun of watching the nasty stuff being shouted and
shoved around on screen. While there may be a frivolous nature (or things
thrown around recklessly), the rebukes and admonitions of the Good Samaritan
all set the tone for the horror-filled films that came after.

6. Theophilus London raised three children in the desert with no running water

Donald Trump was born in New York City, the eldest child of terraced
house-owners Donald and Mary Ann Trump, the daughter of a salesman. Donald
inherited several million dollars from his father, but, except at the tender
age of 6, didn't display any notable aptitude or interest in property. Living
on the top floor of the Trump Tower, he was consigned to the second floor sofa
for the rest of his childhood and was forced to sleep on a couch when his
parents were away. In his early 20s he became the youngest member of his family
to leave home. He developed a love for drinking and driving and his behaviour
became stranger and stranger. He also had a brief but very successful career in
the 1973 Michael Jackson video called You Got Served! He worked as an actor (he
was cast as a choirboy in a production of The Mikado) and, according to some,
left the family to live off the charity of others. (The Trump family
subsequently sued him for allegedly false advertising and libel.)

And yet he managed to impress with his childhood antics – like throwing a noisy
snowball at an already pregnant wife, to the great delight and disgust of his
father – and later on became his business manager and landlord. He would later
claim that he wanted his children to be wealthy, but even the youngest were
appalled at the hard-line attitude Trump had towards money. New York friends of
his began to distance themselves from him as did the staff of his office
building. Yet he was rent-free — because Manhattan is a real estate woe — and
pocketed almost a million dollars a year – long before he had a lucrative real
estate empire. Eventually, Trump's temper turned to financial ruin and he gave
up drinking, gambling, and pants-shitting.

5. And the host of Trump's Apprentice was involved in selling cocaine

In 1990 Eric Trump was living in the $24million Trump Tower, gazing at the
return-of-interest banner. He had just sold a company called Apotex to a
retired pharmaceutical executive named Arthur Davis with whom he had become
friendly (but whom Donald had recently fired from the company) to become the
"Donald of Aberdeen (the world-famous blacksmith firm), and receive a $5million
bonus". Eric lived in the same building as Trump, but because he had no
connections with the mob, the two never met ("The Nordstroms like me. It's very
nice. I can't tell. But in Aberdeen they like me and they will come and have an
account. I have no choice. I have to work"). Nevertheless, when they did start
to associate, Eric was quick to offer his services.

In 1991, while Donald wasn't in the USA, Eric dangled their listing of the
building via the famous billionaire, in an attempt to bring him into retirement
and motivate him to acquire the property for the Trump's. Shortly thereafter,
Eric met his fate.

He'd met the Duke by being one of the first to ever spot him outside of Trump
Tower in 1990. An 80-year-old man with the receding hairline standing on a
dock, wearing a coat and tie, yelled at him because the model was not a proper
businessman. Eric did not know what to do. He said nothing but continued to
stare at the man's Everyman face. He speculated that the man himself being a
real deal-maker was an asset he had missed, and that an empty eyed blacksmith's
pad in the polluted industry was his weakness. But
