
**

This sounded so strange, so awful – but how could this be a good idea? Now they
were seriously considering it. Did they really want to feed on their beloved
relatives' blood? Could they really do it? It all depended on how many humans
their perfect afterlife would be.

T., the boldest of the two, thought that they could make for some wonderful
meals, which he called "QUEEN QUEENS" – because, you know, that's what the food
taste like. So it was that the two of them lived together for almost a year,
eating each other's blood exactly as they pleased. After a year, T. decided
to seek out an opportunity to quit his vegan pablum. Finally, he made the
journey back to the flesh. "I kicked all the hormones and the stuff that would
totally destroy the body," he says. "Mostly what I did was cuts myself. That's
the best way, so, for example, you take yourself to the lake and you're cutting
off all the hair on your arms. Then I start cutting off the skin until I have
naked morsels that hang out in front of the light. I cut off the belly and the
skin is black. The color changes from dark to bright red. Then I start cutting
off the legs and, finally, I cut of the top of my head." T. was devastated.
This blood-chilling and horrific act was why he had to quit veganism. "I
couldn't stand it anymore," he said. "And I think it's a shame that humans
still don't know the word agony, because it really is agony. To hear yourself
crying and screaming like an animal, I can't imagine it."

The T. brothers' experience was just the most extreme case of sanguinism
that we know. But even then, there were plenty of others to choose from. The
Romans feed on the blood of their enemies, the Ancient Greeks drink the blood
of their slaves, the ancient Egyptians would eat the blood of their slain
enemies, and our ancestors fed on the recently dead. We only rarely hear about
it, and we assume that it happened only in the wild. But if our family history
is any indication, this inhumane feast was visited upon almost every human
population and culture on earth. Copley says that a constant point of
divergence throughout human history was "media as a weapon," the way that
humans progressively tried out different dietary practices for many years
before eventually adapting to them.

For instance, for several centuries, the Europeans did not eat pig. Why not?
Carnivorous animals are not particularly tasty. Finally, in the 17th century,
they got around to it. "They convinced themselves that it was the source of the
disease syphilis. They called it the 'pig and booze cook,'" Copley said. "And
they stuck on to it all the way to the hands of Michael Vick. This was the
opposite of the way we live now: we don't eat anything that doesn't taste
good." The pig-on-vegetable phenomenon really seems to have been the day-to-day
mainstay of most non-western cultures for a while. However, due to modern
medicine and sophisticated food preservation and preparation, we are now
completely immune to the health problems caused by this practice. The only
thing which is slightly undermined, at least from a medical point of view, is
that these animals are still killed in this way.

Our ancestors also ate a lot of meat and game. The sanguinivorous appetite now
seems to be confined to fowls and fish. Even our ancestors felt the need to get
their protein from the animals they collected. Indeed, traditional
hunter-gatherers still can't live without the animals which they were able to
kill and bring home with them, including half of all National Geographic
pictures published between the early 1960s and the early 1990s. These weren't
killed by their human fathers or mothers, just by themselves.

Animal men might have been bigger and stronger, but they didn't look so very
meaty. As for the mixing of human and sanguinivorous animals, early humans also
mixed easily. The extinct Neanderthals interacted with humans regularly. Over
the long run, it didn't seem to matter: human deaths have always outweighed any
possible benefit.

It has been suggested that one of the major advantages of sanguinivorous life
might have been that the sanguinivores encouraged monogamy among their mates. Even
if it wasn't the main reason, it must have been a major benefit. It's not known
exactly when this sexual link began, but it must have been an important step in
bestowing some high genetic inheritance to the children of such liaisons. When
humans found ways to kill their own children, or have conspire against their
parents, a man

So why does this story have an uneasy sexual undertone? Why do some males
admire the semen of women who have eaten meat? This is a topic for another
episode.

**

The Curious Case of George Washington Carver

In as many textbooks as one can imagine, recipes for the meatless diet
generally call for grass-fed beef, pork or lamb. Partly for this reason, George
Washington Carver was such a famous figure in the American history, even after
his death, and his book "The Vegetarian Experiments", written while on his
deathbed, seems to be so highly esteemed by all believers of the cult of life.
It is also one of the oldest texts dealing with vegetarianism, and perhaps the
most extensively confusing to those who don't have a clue what they are talking
about. However, the book is definitely worth examining, mainly because it left
a trail of gold for the authors of Nutrition for Athletes. The book is not a
self-appointed guide to an "issues list", but a bunch of cutting-edge research
and contemplation on the political and philosophical issues that allow us to
make sense of our food, our physiology and our spirituality. Furthermore, the
book is pre-written with both Australian and American sensibilities, albeit
with a somewhat restricted scope and considerably more caution on the subject
of animal nutrition.

The author's main purpose is to inform us about all the benefits of a
vegetarian diet with only one hand while, on the other, clearly demonstrating
the negatives of having to eat meat in order to maintain perfect, biologically
related health. Unfortunately, the results of his experiments – both killing
animals and sampling their blood – are never analysed by the author. What we
are left with are the extremely surprising results, awaiting clarification, but
confirming that the poor human is almost looking forward to the day when
humanity will replace the animal kingdom with a vegetarian paradise.

The blood of American scientists in the late 1930s is still one of the most
exciting discoveries ever made in the history of nutrition: the potential death
of hundreds of thousands of people -mostly individuals who don't even know they
are carrying an excess fat mass - was the result of eating a diet that did not
consist mostly of fish, poultry and red meat! For those who want to find out
simply what's so alarming about it all, this very interesting feature offers a
fascinating breakthrough to those vegan diets. From all that is known over the
past few years, the experts from the United States Agricultural Experiment
Station no. 4 are pretty certain that very few people have higher blood
pressure apart from those with diabetes or hypertension that are linked to the
heart muscle group. Therefore, the scientists at the American Dietetic
Association, in pursuit of a better and safer nutrition for mankind, offer a
new perspective on health and the food available on the market.

So, what is the 'experiment'? The scientists gave male children the same
nutritious and healthy green bread and a vegetarian dinner, but instead of it
being edible, they boiled the bread and used it as a soup. Their diet was
changed to predominantly plant-based eating long before birth but that seemed
to change these children's blood pressure problems to a significantly lesser
extent. This allowed them to be accepted into the team at the American
Experiment Station no. 4 which was the first permanent medical center for
animal experiments in the country of New York. Due to the experiments made at
this constant research site in New York, the most famous result of the
experiment involved the observations of a woman who became a vegetarian after
childbirth and had to join the local blueberry and strawberry pickers to keep
her daughter alive and healthy. But what is the point of all this? Had the team
at the American Experiment Station no. 4 eliminated the animal component in
their daily food, they had more likely killed dozens of people. After all, the
nature of the experiment is to look for the cause of a disease that we never
actually know how it first manifests. Some research scientists, such as Tanya
Little, John McNutt, and William Nystrom, propose that humans no longer eat
meat for the sake of ethical reasons. Rather, they say, we eat it because we
think it's needed to live (The church, too, in most times of European history
has outlawed the consumption of meat as a health measure to ensure the
protection of our beings from the sanguinivorous gods); because it's cheap, and
abundant (Cheyenne

**

Their campaign of egotism went viral, and proved a frightening model for the
actions of both Benjamin Franklin and Jim Jones. It's been mentioned as a
possible response to the genocide that has happened to millions of victims of
the US, and thus as a chilling factor for anyone who could accept the solution.
In the Western world, sanguinism is now a common rule, meaning that people who
have lost their sanity are still exercised about murder. The rest of the world,
however, still tends to respond with fear.

In this way, the West may have been betrayed by the rest of the globe. Or a
society that has an illogical image of what it is.

All in all, what these examples have in common is the fact that they were all
created by madmen, equally determined to find new methods to express their
concerns. What we have today is a civilization that is crazier than ever
before, and less sane than it was. And the reason is simple.

"The more mad, the more insidious" – Charles Manson

Sanguinism, at the root, is an expression of insanity, of irrationality. It is
an expression of how long the mind has been out of touch with reality, and how
unconscious it is that it cannot be trusted. In the West, it is the service
industry, with the alcohol industry next, but it also lives on in anti-smoking,
micro-bonding, supersized fast food, electronic cigarettes, and even meat,
porn, and the fetishization of fast food.

This is what is happening in the West. We are losing our ability to reason, and
with no more rationality to fall back on, nobody will listen to us. To avoid
this, we look at the crazier things on the world to fill in the blanks.

If we are to survive as a species, we must change the way we live.

It is time to wake up, because if we wait until the "ground" is falling out
from under our feet, we will be making our death march for another few million
years, before Zohner reaches the tower and kicks us out.

The most legitimate way to get through this mother of all crises is to embrace
the madness and make our minds open to it. Some speculate that this is why the
Nazis felt such a need to "forget" the past. They were desperate to give in to
their situation, time and again.

There is hardly anything any of us can do to stop the military industrial
complex from transforming into the worldwide police state it promises to be; we
only need to remember what the concept of insanity feels like. In order to
achieve that, we have to forget all the other problems, and take it on
ourselves. Adapt and overcome.

It is up to us to carry this idea into our daily lives. Just like the world is
in desperate need of a consumer revolution.

We are sick of being scared by scary movies, and angry at each other online. We
are starving for knowledge and understanding. We want to end war and any other
evil system that we feel compelled to hold onto, because we cannot justify the
cruelty, and pointless suffering cost.

And when we finally see what we have really been fighting for, we will thank
the universe for its creatures, for all these lives they have led, and this
world they have made. Our civilization will be better for it.

**

After entertaining these plans in hushed tones among themselves, T. chose
to step out on the road to announce them to the world. A few weeks later he
splashed his great and happy idea on the internet, prompting widespread glee
across the Internet Explorer forward planning community. However, this couldn't
have been what T. had in mind. T. had only been able to convince
himself of a different form of intoxication.

He explained that as a caretaker, he desired to continue his cold-blooded
conditioning, and would all his lives be forced to not only eat dairy but to
consume its rich ferments, juices, and bones, and furthermore, to eat its
protein-rich blood -- a diet so disgusting that it would shame and infuriate a
fellow caretaker. T.'s nephews, whom he had trained in the art of hunting,
had gleefully dunked pieces of blood in their food, now T. had the
opportunity to realise his true nectar of the Earth.

To save his own life, T. declared that he will ate his own blood. The
reckless T. dived into the unknown adventure, and very soon his stomach was
filled with all kinds of disgusting substances -- every kind of detritus he had
once despised as the refuse of the Earth. He wanted to ingest all of it.

T. found himself a job as a hostel hostel proprietor. No matter how cold
and unusual the food was, the thought of eating it was so much more exciting
and alluring. The hours passed slowly as he often sneaked into the kitchens and
made his way to the kitchen sink of the hostel. He now leaped into the kitchen
and jerked open the door in full view of everyone. He knew that feeding on
someone's blood would probably make him sick. However, he had to give it a shot
one last time, and he felt that the company of his friends was the best thing
for him at this moment in time.

Day after day, T. fed on an increasingly furious human being. His stomach
was always full, even when his body was completely empty. At first, he didn't
remember much about it, but during his years of hunger at the hostel, T.
experienced a strange sudden compulsion to lick all the walls of the kitchen
and its surroundings. He only realised the presence of the smell when he
returned to the kitchen and found his cousins dunking pieces of blood in their
food. He froze up with fright, and regretted the foolishness of his decision
for a short while. However, when he remembered that he had no discharge, and
therefore no taste buds and no idea of what was in the food... T. couldn't
believe his eyes! It was all good! He accepted that he had to eat all of it,
but he would do so in small portions so that he didn't max out his stomach too
much just to prevent any shock. Ever since the beginning of his hostel
experience, T.'s life had consisted of a continuous, ever-changing external
world, and he had always been distracted by the behavior of those around him.
He didn't deny that he had enjoyed varying degrees of physical and mental
stimulation, but he had always been unable to recognize their true intentions.
Now everything was different; the people were really trying to please him, and
he knew it because he was eager to repay them by feeding on their blood!

It was almost ridiculous what T. had just gone through, but he knew that he
could never fully decrypt the messages in the walls. All he could do was keep
eating those unfortunate, drunken specimens who were trying to stir up trouble
at the hostel. T. decided that he needed to find a way to relieve some of
the pressure that was being put on him while he was hallucinating so that the
hallucinations didn't become the whole world. It was time to take off his mask,
and neither T. nor his nephews were willing to wait for him to regain the
confidence to be himself and stop the speaking. They just had to get to the
truth.

After a whole series of aunts, uncles, and relatives, T. finally found the
way through the years of propaganda. There was an aunt who, several years ago,
had been a villager of another town and lived across from T.'s former hosts.
Her people had been wiped out during the final invasion of the Empire, but she
had kept her skills of literacy alive and had yet managed to pass the death
examination. Taken by surprise, the grooms brought her to the hostel, where she
accepted T.'s reality and immediately expressed her regret. T. lent her
his life support to her in a way no one else could, and she was lifted from the
thoughts of the slaughter and will to burn. She made a full recovery and got
fully back to her former ways. Almost as awkward as a come-from-lumber, T.
acquaintance, T. chose to play an enormously to give

**

They would be feeding on their own blood if they were certain that it was not
tainted with disease, and they would be feeding on one another's blood if they
were certain that the blood they both drank and ate was safe, pure and fresh.
"Man should be a bit more sensitive to other people and there are things one
shouldn't do," T. stated. Gennaro T., Artur Melki and Magnus Viipuri.
(Credit: Vanna (Helsinki) Publishers' Association). "Especially after a lot of
hard work, we managed to perform our experiment on ourselves. Unfortunately,
the results were not as happy as we'd hoped. We were shocked to find our bodies
mate with bits of other people's blood. And for a time, we even thought we
would be poisoned." At daybreak the following morning, the trio of untried and
untried boffins were in agony; they had not only eaten their ingredients—and
the consumer sensibility that took them there—but are now contaminated. "The
nightmare for us has only just started," T. noted with disappointment.
E.: "Nobody lives long if they live in misery." As a chef T. explained
that "no-one living in misery kills themselves. Instead, we decided to take on
a unique challenge—how do we not allow ourselves to be poisoned." T. and
E. prepared an elaborate regimen. After each meal they would consume one
ounce of ground up human fat as nourishment for all their senses. The couple
would also teach themselves to consume other people's blood and pass it through
their fingertips. T. and E. attacking their pan-fried fat! (Credit: Vanna
(Helsinki) Publishers' Association). At the beginning of the study, T. and
E. were sure that the whole ordeal would take weeks and even months as the
result of all the various forms of contamination—including their own blood.
After all the books and news stories had drip fed the story for months, they
assumed that other people lying to others—neither of them—were going to end up
poisoned as well. Enough time had passed, the poisons were gone, and they could
now go on with their lives. But one by one, their senses got shaken. When they
regularly consumed the flesh of one another, their eyes blurmed to the point of
barring reality. They became even more confused. E.: "It's like someone's
dropped a flagon of water under my leg and now we're talking." Laetitia:
"That's it—ugh! I can't see much." This did not go unnoticed by T.. "I can
see you're upset," he said. "It's not good, it's not good. I suppose I just
want to end it here. I can't imagine what more there would be to say." In fact,
he was still not sure if his first vision of a paradise is a tad
unrealistically pie-in-the-sky, but he took it as an omen. So what was the big
idea? Why are normally sociable creatures just now turning into complete
strangers through a blundering mishap? What made them go all sanguinistic? As
life gets more chaotic and difficult, and more chances to turn on others are
happening more often the more social life gets, more instinctive social
behaviour and the allure of addressing the problem is introduced. In this case,
they realized that if they could lift a taboo that had been since their
childhood, many other unfortunate people would eat one another as a way to
address their existential crisis. T.: "It's enough to guess that we're
talking about a pathology in our genes." They did not know that what they
really meant was that they couldn't get along any longer with themselves. Their
roommate, who had survived the transformation, asked them why they were calling
each other "sanguines". E.: "That's what I don't understand." They had not
reached that stage yet in which they were no longer able to relax or ignore the
punk-rock weirdness going on around them. But they decided to advance the goal
a bit further because the effects of sanguinivory were gaining on them. After the
horrifying experience, they were not able to bear to endure it anymore: "I
remember thinking, 'We're going to try this again.'" And so, walking into the
bookstore to continue their experiment, T. and E. went on a goddamn
rampage to open the pandemic. They read all books in their room and heads of
any street vendors that stood on the sidewalk to peer into the store windows.
Then they crept all the way to the corner of the street, eating only a few
pardise bites from each other. They ate very well, kicking off the corners,
pausing the whole store like the sausage factory worker would a horse. E.:
"I'm back!" T. said while eating a whole chicken from a down jacket. "This
is the best thing I

**

And if that didn't translate to blood-drinking, they would feed on each other's
brains -- "bloody brains," they made it up. Which is why, at T. and E.'s
local blood bank, you can wander around amongst the decomposing, flesh-stained
hulks of the real-life, undead, blood-eating vampires.

The two were clearly the heart of the project. T. is a musician, and E.
is a chef; their interest in feeding off of each other seems to have stemmed
from their mutual boredom with modern-day life. Ironically, they have been
asked to use their skills to finance the making of at least one series of
horror-movie-esque films, and then they would turn in full-time
horror-film-makers to the real-world punks who donated to their blood bank a
tiny amount of money to use in their films. If all goes well, they claimed,
their bloodshot vegetarian-tinged works of bizarre goo-shit will be exhibited
in the regional "Death House" in Kauniainen, Finland in September or October of
this year.

Another way "The Blood Bank" relates to the etymology of Celtic is the fact
that it is named after a strip of iron shepherd's string used originally to
keep shepherd dogs from drinking too much from their own dog food. This iron
segment can be seen in the old copper coffin at burial sites wherein the doggo
clan is typically interred in Europe, and T. often wrestles the
high-quality teeth of his non-vegan prey out of the dogma-laden dead member's
skull with the occasional kill. This iron string has been the sole form of
feeding the Fauns, and the Fauns have taken to tearing it out and chewing it up
-- then spitting it out.

Image: Wikipedia user The Fauns

**

The sex scenes themselves are magic. The most satisfying part of this novel,
for me, is the description of Ray's charming sexual Threshold, where she goes
from baseline-body-type-late-middle-age and migrates into a prepubescent young
woman — lanky, blue-eyed, and distinctly stunted, mixed with the flavor and
texture of a stick of light-as-air marshmallow. Further outside of the realm of
fantasy, I was pleased to learn that male fetuses eventually acquire this
shape, too.

None of the protagonists in This Side of Paradise look quite like any of the
characters I know in mainstream fiction. T. is pre-pubescent, and his force
of will and empathy for others is compelling and erudite. E. is 12 and a
cheekbones-and-hairstyle-reference-fetishizing teenager (in a nice way,
obviously), and for the first part of the book, he feels like an outcast. (A
more focused look at this novel almost certainly contained more straightforward
references, such as the various types of mushrooms that produce secondary
children). But T.'s own preoccupations with the evils of all forms of meat
consumption make him stand out from the pack. While he is the most admirable in
his self-admonishing reactions, I also wished he were more assertive and
kicking a habit a little earlier.

What can I say about E., other than that he's an angel who moved backward
into the body of an ugly, gnarly teenager? He's not just mean to T. but
also aggressive towards everyone around him. I always assumed, and sometimes
claims, that the fact that these four people have this insane superpower is why
the battle between them is resolved by the end of the book.

Another mildly less-than-enlightening spoiler: They find out that there are
seven children on Earth who have become smarter than they are. Nobody
understands how they did it, but the children are well-versed in animals' life
spans and the consequences of eating them. (It's divvying up souls as opposed
to body parts. Think of Threshold's choice of reductionism as a conceit). This
leads to a lot of commentary about why living longer isn't better for you, and
who's being kept in line for sake of what people will or won't eat. (And who's
paying for everyone else's health care?)

Smart eaters are often known as asexuals — and those are the people who were'nt
even aware that they ate meat until A Random Walk Down St. Elmo's Bluff. T.
just might be bisexual as well, but he'd probably be the least likely, and I'd
bet that Ekster was just some regular being used to gluing in blood and
covering up the extremities of Vi's second–person perspective.

Another less-than-enlightening spoiler? During a particularly intense period in
The Threshold of Immortality, Ray returns to the body of a boy she had just
raped. So what happens to her? Does she go to jail or has she quietly repented
and gone meatless? I'm still not entirely certain.

What I am certain about, definitely, is that this is a wonderful book. Not the
slim, easy read of a couple of other novels that Pegg and Jones recently did,
but a literary and fun plunge into animal consciousness, and some lovely
hard-hitting topic-punching.

The Subterranean: What are some of your favorite nonfiction books of all time,
and what inspired you to write about them?

Yorkshirewoman: I like long explorations of the same topics, and the YWGBN
items simply seem to come out of the sky: anthropology, global history, reading
habits, basic sociolinguistics, etc. I love all sorts of subjects, but I
especially want to know if people consume things like meat. It's very annoying
to be told that people who eat meat are geniuses, and just generally stunningly
ignorant of the alternatives. Do they even know what meat tastes like? There
are a lot of pages of professors and time-honored institutions of learning
waffling on about evolution. But apart from the fact that the human intellect
is amazing, and the human experience enormous, and really there are no such
things as animals; this whole debate is ridiculous.

The Subterranean: What are some of your favorite science-fictions titles?

Yorkshirewoman: I read a lot of them as a student, even up to And The Night
Circus? But I think the only one I really remember watching, about dysgenics
and gene splicing in the 8000BC, really shook me by showing just how not
fictional it could be. Science Fiction Can Make Good Inertiaculs even imagines
a middle-aged man who talks to Han Solo.

The subterranean: What are

**

So, eating lots of blood - T. would take his girlfriend E.'s blood, E.
his girlfriend's blood, and so on and so forth - they tried out their new diet
on each other. A couple of weeks later, nauseous as ever, they described what
happened to them, and T. ended up in the hospital, severely crushed by an
unexpected spasm of blood-eating. E. was the first to be fixed up with a
transfusion - thankfully, the hospital bit the bullet and left T. on his
own - but the virus penetrates the blood, with devastating consequences. T.
died of complications from malnutrition and lupus, leaving E. for dead.

The next day, he was back on the counter at all-you-can-eat restaurants.
Perverted as it seems, he managed to remain polite and helpful, and got another
job. Food is food, but there was a cruel twist to the tale. Crematory services
are terrible places, but once they let the bodies out, they get a much more
sympathetic reception than the general public. E. got to his feet and left
the funeral pyre - the funeral, unlike cremation, was not to be pub-crowded and
held in front of the house, and particularly not in his hometown of Kuopio,
Finland. He was already on his way to the cemetery, the place where he would
both bury himself, and finally perish, that grey, rainy afternoon. As the
skittles fell from his hand, he told the crematorium worker who put the
lifeless husk of the man he used to be, that he would be going straight there.
He was going to be cremated, and when he got home, he would not forget the
skittles.

Thus, asked,

What of the skittles and their characters?

In the early days in Europe, it was fashionable to smoke skittles, but the
natives thought it was an eruption of the 'I'll-take-anything-now concept', and
declined to be amused by it. E., however, proved himself a master of the
skittles' tricks and sanguines. Only a few of the pirates were in favour of
smoking them, for skittles are a poor symbolic way to open up an argument, but
E. used them to such effect that the occupation forces took them as a joke.
Fred, lying in the hospital, cried out for a pot of skittles, and when E.
brought one out, he instantly appreciated its healing powers. E. scooped up
the pallied insanity, and that helped him to open up to Fred, to see that he
was no longer the alcoholic, the useless drifter. However, E. himself did not
enjoy anything as trivial and frivolous as smoking the skittles, and this
explains a lot about his eventual disappearance.

Who were the other 'wickedest' sheep?

Puffing hard between his legs

Lying close to his men

He'd learned to cheep when he was a kid, but E. realised that he had no
reason to keep up the charade any longer. When he decided he was going to leave
Finland and return to Spain, he told himself, 'I'll stop chewing the skittles'
if I have to keep going all the way to Spain,' but he had no choice: the
skittles are the main thing that kept his temper from tingling. He went back to
Finland and had a couple of top-shelf binges in front of his friends, but after
a few days he started experiencing violent coughing fits, which made no
difference to his general health, so in desperation he got a friend in the
hospital to loan him £55.10, and D'Artagnan join him. They got themselves a
boat, and with the skittles neatly strapped to their chests, in their tattoes,
they set sail for the shore.

But now they were in a place where they did not have any skittles, so these
visits to the village ended abruptly, and E. lectured D'Artagnan on how he
should behave. He rode off into the distance and never came back. Puffing hard
between his legs

Lying close to his men

He'd learned to cheep when he was a kid, but E. realised that he had no
reason to keep up the charade any longer. When he decided he was going to leave
Finland and return to Spain, he told himself, 'I'll stop chewing the skittles'
if I have to keep going all the way to Spain,' but he had no choice: the
skittles are the main thing that kept his temper from tingling. He went back to
Finland and had a couple of top-shelf binges in front of his friends, but after
a few days he started

**

After a few years of experiments T. approached E. once again with an
offer of gore. But this time it wasn't just an offer of blood, but a challenge.
To hear you out, T. told me that he and E. had decided to subject each
other to a closed-door trial. T. would first be destroyed by E. and they
would both survive, but would one of them survive? (Personally, I'd prefer if
they by yourselves.) The answer to this riddle was an unequivocal, "Yes, we'll
both survive."

During the months of May and June a frequent topic of conversation between the
two was the possibility of a closed-door trial. However, things got rather
serious on September 30, 2004, when T. was found dead in E.'s apartment.
Although E. denies that his alleged dead roommate's death was caused by him
feeding on T.'s blood, it is clear that his body, which was found lying in
the corner of his bedroom, had been ravaged in some manner. According to the
police report, his hair had been cut and his skin peeled from his body, his
heart had been destroyed by E.'s chaos of blood and muscle, his brain had
been severally damaged and inside his skull his brain stem had been hernied
open, stomach and intestines removed and his intestines were removed and
gutted, his backbone broken and skulls cracked. Many other wounds were
scattered about, and some so grievous that E. threw T. off the balcony
and left his hospital bed.

Ironically, E. himself has been at the center of many of the rumors that have
surrounded T. over the years. A couple of days after T.'s death, in the
early hours of October 6, 2004, he gave a bizarre statement to the media. E.
claimed that he had received a phone call from T. just four days prior,
telling him that he was about to die. E. claimed this was uttered so
heartlessly that one does not doubt that it was T. who felt the need to
ventilate his own misery.

In the end, E. admits that T. killed himself as a result of him feeding
on his blood. He claims that T. told him that he felt a feeling of joy, and
as such decided that he would kill himself. E. also admitted that the juicing
thing got out of hand, however, somehow T. managed to keep it far away from
E..

Following T.'s death, E. was not charged with any crime for at least five
years (though the news of his arrest is not very reassuring), and his life in
Finland continued, unperturbed. After all, who reads newspapers anymore, right?
