
**

T., who was born into a vegetarian family but 'came around' to eating meat in
his 30s, set about researching the subject. "It took me a week," he says, "to
learn how to cook blood, how to extract the valuable bodily fluids, and, of
course, how to get rid of them." After he had stuffed and safely stored his
blood, T. began to experiment with pig's blood-laden meals. He modified his pig
cuisine to include blood testicles, kidneys and liver, and even used it to make
a 'brass instrument for torture'.

Graphic by: Malin Berggren

Apparently, for their final experiment, T. and E. ate their own blood
together to see if they could actually agree on the terms of transfusion. "Yes,
I thought, I can and I want to do it with you." The two friends first fed
themselves on the soiled human cadavers they had obtained from the morgue, and
after eight meals, they became reconciled with the idea of foodstuff that had
once been their enemy. T. captured his blood-fed bliss while feeding on a
raw rat. "We put some brains and hearts in the mash and mixed it with the
blood," he recalls, "which was very successful, and now our brains taste very
delicious."

Ogdi and Pounia are two American kuru victims. Photo: ©shbrett on Fotolia

Four years later, the three of them decided to do it on the US mainland. This
time, they began to use living human corpses they found in the supermarket
freezer aisle. "We managed to obtain human teeth, earlobes, stomachs, livers,
livers, muscles, skin, and skin tissue," T. recalls. "But we failed to
locate a raw T-bone steak. We ended up substituting human hair, which we found
growing around the grounds of people's homes and at the office." The group,
with the help of local meat vendors, found a farmer who was willing to offer
his farm for the experiment.

It was a tough project, with T. experiencing a number of failures. "It
wasn't as if we had a lot of useful sex organs," says T.. "But we managed
to find some three dozen human ears and even a severed pig's skull, which was
used as a photographic plate." They also tried cutting, skinning and stitching
their own "body parts together" - not something I'd recommend doing, I now
feel.

T., however, had some experience with sanguinism. "Back when I was still a
vegetarian a few years ago, my friend, a hairdresser, told me about a Cutty
Sarkja shaman who would raise crocodiles to eat," he says. This "gifted" mutant
emerged from his body and was found to be capable of beautiful and impressive
speech. He could sing food-themed hymns and even dictated the lyrics of the
'Ain't That a Kick in the Head' by The Beatles' from his position in relation
to the singer's head. "So, obviously, this was something that could be done."
T. estimates that he ate 100 crocodiles in the spirit of 'that alternative
voodoo'.

The group visited a butcher to acquire human feet (which were surprisingly
plentiful, T. suggests) and frog legs. One particularly exotic item,
however, they did not attempt to procure: a severed head. The part, T.
explains, is very difficult to obtain and the cost would have been rather
prohibitive. "We ended up using some whale skin skin and a headless
hippopotamus-like animal."

In addition to T., E. and E., the group included an unnamed Swedish
man whose only known favourite thing was heavy cigars, a British woman and
Japanese man. "We got a lot of help from our neighbours," T. says, "but we
thought nothing of it." After hearing about the experiment, the three of them
drove around the country, capturing everything that they could find and eating
it live.

They encountered various obstacles on their way. To begin with, the Swedish and
British acquaintance was concerned that the day-to-day routine would be too
stressful for her boyfriend. But when she informed her boyfriend that she was
going to have to make do with donated human body parts, it prompted him to
change his mind and join the group.

T. and his friends were also severely affected by hunger pangs. "During the
first few weeks, we were starving ourselves to become full, and we'd start to
feel very agitated." T., E. and E.'s blood-fed predilection turned out
to be 'one of the worst night terrors of the Kuru experiment' (or, as T.
puts it, 'the worst release of all time'). After a week, his brother came to
visit in a drunken st

**

The idea was conceived as a way to develop an ethical worldview, and to
implement it in daily life. Their project was first to come up with a new diet,
a seemingly simple exercise meant as a first step towards an ideal, a practical
way to eat not only for one's health, but also for joy, beauty, and spiritual
well-being. They thought of of blood as the living continuum itself – not just
the organic juice put to such dazzling use in their cookbooks, but also the
potential fuel for a consented, ritualized exchange of life. The discovery of a
trove of excellent studies on blood as an source of nourishment in vertically
integrated criminal enterprises was an absolute validation of their quest. In
addition, they also felt that the human-to-human blood bond, replacing the old
animal-to-human flesh bondage, could serve as an analogy for the live
connection to digital entities they had developed – and come to cherish –
within their own brains.

This new model of eating envisaged itself as a natural evolution from the
methods of traditional food culture: you eat by 'physiological means', in order
to preserve your health and well-being; you eat by 'ideological means', thereby
enacting the self-involution of the superstructure (known as the 'Ouroboros
Free Lunch Theorem'). Blood thus became the unexpected source of nourishment
for a new vein of ideological relationship to the world for the vegan couple.
They had wanted to bring about a new order within their private food culture,
and were almost helpless witnessing how fast and how ineluctably it seemed to
lead to a new order in culture at large. What had begun as the quirky new set
of table manners of a happy, tender lovenest soon became a weird, raucous, and
over-the-top political gorefest. They were in the midst of undergoing a new
kind of birth-of-a-nation experience, with themselves acting sometimes as
parents, sometimes as children, and most of the time as both at once. Their
innocent attempt to find nutritious enjoyment for themselves outside the
straight and narrow path of mindless consumerist evil and exploitation brought
into their lives what in their deep normies' bosom they had silently feared
most: an increasingly violent and unpleasant battle with the immortality of
their ideas.

That was already no easy thing to swallow, and it did not stop there. Not only
did the civic-constitutional gore of their days become increasingly intense and
cartoonish, but the new diet gave the couple a new kind of self-image. T. had
an almost saint-like aura, having grown a huge bushy beard and wearing almost
exclusively recycled clothes from foreclosed nunneries or POW camps, while E.'s
physiology was turning into a new kind of androgynous beau ideal combining the
extreme flexibility of Kung Fu fighters, the muscle mass of Californian
governors and the generous layers of fat of sumos. Both developments proved a
boon for the sexual side of their blood-feeding. Emboldened, they went on to
derive much inspiration from ancient body modification traditions as well as
from the latest intersectional combinatorics of the erotic and the ferocious,
of the lipidic and the muscular worlds. They were reaching the full range of
their somatosophical and neurospiritual selves. They felt and they knew that
they were the body biopolitic (Prop. XXIII, Part V).

The transformation they underwent, combined with the brutal violence they
perpetrated and experienced, not to mention their growing loathing of needles
and funnels, constant hospitalizations and innumerable pills, caused them to
become even more alienated from one another, as if the ever growing proximity
of their organisms' hemoglobin had to be mirrored in an ever wider identity
chasm, and in a last-ditch attempt to salvage their love they decided to leave
everything behind, to go over the edge and to embrace what future generations
would eventually call the *beaver lifestyle*.

But they did not give up on their love for the animal-blood relationship. E.
and T. chose the beaver lifestyle over the human-meat lifestyle one final time
in an episode brilliantly adapted from a short story by Moona Liisa Harkonen.

They remained devoted lovers of the animal-blood connection.

The couple journeys to the desert region north of the Oulu-Rovaniemi metro
corridor and decides to settle in one of those quaint hunting lodges dug right
under the dunes. The scorching, hyperborean moonlight marks the end of their
long and exhausting journey, and fills them with such joy that no sooner than
they are settled that they treat themselves to a well-deserved feast.

As they are preparing their transfusion devices, they talk about how it had
been beavers who had first brought them together, as their mothers had met
during beaver song meditation pregnancy sessions. They even talk about the
things E. used to like to eat, in her prior life. Tears come to her eyes as she
recalls that she even knew some good recipes for honeyed lobsters. E. is eager
to try and vocalize them for T., who loves that so much, his musical nature
having been acknowledged by every one he knew ever since his smartphone
recognised in his baby wails the delicate harmonics of the last part of Helmut
Lachenmann's *Serynade*, and as the melancholy of E.'s memories merges with the
savouriness of their red fluids softly running down the back of their throats,
they know and feel that their meal is the great cause for which they have been
brought to this world.

It begins in slow, hot, sensuous squirts but ends up in a sudden chills of cold
sweat. They are shocked by the sudden coldness of the air and the bees that are
flying around. But not before E. raises the idea of making a beaver spittle
soup. Their guest, a young boy, even gives them the recipe.

The two lovers are happy to move on to find a new place to live near the river
which is close to their new lodge. They are happy to leave behind their old
beaver lifestyle, but it is too late. In the beaver lodge building they found a
huge bee hive in the cellar. They planned to use the honey to preserve their
bodies. The honey is made into a dye and is added to T.'s clothes and E.'s
clothing.

They attempt to make a beaver bath. Although they are very excited to have a
beaver bath, they are horrified when it slowly turns into a gigantic primal
scream! The beaver bath turns into a monstrous mosh pit and they are nearly
swallowed by the beasties! E. and T. fall into the tide and howl for help. It
is only their domestic helper bot who is strong enough to keep the monsters in
check. Before they get up, they are smothered in a layer of honey. It is only
when E. finally manages to speak that they realize there is nothing left to eat
for the day except for the bile of their empty stomachs. They try to get up,
but E. is again unable to walk. She suffers a poor struggle for breath, but
manages to get up and throws one last wail before falling to the floor. She
finally feels safe enough to eat a bite of a piece of meat. But as she eats it,
she suddenly cries out in pain and collapses onto the floor. The two lovers are
unable to do anything, as the beaver queen, head of the pack, starts laying her
eggs. E. and T. are both unable to move as a result of their strong fear of the
female beeviles. T.. E. takes a piece of the beaver meat with her and eats it
with her teeth, trembling hand, but with relish. She tells E. that she feels so
bad that she has to lie down on the floor. She dies almost instantly, and,
whistling notes from the Liebestod through his ever enigmatic stiff upper lip,
so does he.

**

T. found the idea a bit repellent, but E. was more persuaded. Soon the
two brothers were gnawing on each other's flesh: eagerly, and even naked. They
milked their bodies with their own blood. Although the guilt-ridden T. was
the first to go, the other brother, in true bad taste, ordered him to stop.
E. was still hooked, so the sadistic T. set up a game: if one brother
stopped feeding, the other one had to stop until both started. After a while
the hungry ones reached the point where they could not hold out any longer. One
of them crunched down on the other, causing enough blood to gush out to have
two feedings. E. was thrilled by the appropriate outcome, but T. was not
so fortunate. When the feeding reflex was gone, his brother began to claw at
his face. The tolls on his body were considerable. So, far from a party, the
feeding frenzy lasted for many days. During which the boys were found out and
apprehended by the police. However, the real tragedy was that both brothers
died a few days later before these attentions were fully extinguished.
Meat-Eating Homosexuals May Jump to Their Deaths Two men in Rome, Antonio Falci
and Luigi Zucchelli, were known for their brand of sensational crime stories.
Both were homosexuals: Falci served at the gay club, the "Clara's Room," while
Zucchelli served as a private individual. When Falci arrived back in town after
a night out around town, he got into an altercation with a man he recognized
from the club. Like Falci, the father of the man that confronted him was also a
homosexual. Like Falci, the unsuspecting father of the victim was also a
homosexual. The father was a wealthy devoted father of 10. He had a big house,
3,000 square feet. Kids played at his house all the time. Their parents would
give them rides home when they were sick or when they visited the doctor. Falci
and Zucchelli had a list of ambitions: to become a rock star, a successful
movie director, a lawyer, etc. It was not unusual for Falci to sit at home and
play video games for hours. After a long night at the club, the two men went
back home. While Falci was sitting on his futon, watching TV, the guy who
caught Falci off guard barged into the room. The man had two black eyes. This
was different from Falci. He did not notice it, but when Falci was with another
guy, the fellow always had two black eyes. After the man barged in, Falci
motioned for him to sit on the futon. The man did. Falci, not having a contact
with his son, didn't know his son was sitting right next to him. The two guys
talked about how Falci's son had a fine face, and the man had a strange
birthmark on his forehead that he didn't like. Falci realized that this was the
exit to his son's life, and this irritated Falci. At that point in the night,
Falci suddenly knew he had to do something drastic. He climbed on the futon
with his son. It was a very deep moment in the night. He must have seen
something in his son that disturbed him. It was at this moment that Falci and
his son went at it. The son suddenly reached over and grabbed Falci's dick.
Then, like some twisted lovers and animals, they began to masturbate each
other. Falci felt a jolt of envy. Fortunately, his son quickly left the room.
Falci just sat there and tried to figure out why his son had been so attracted
to his brother. Eventually, Falci decided to go for a ride in his car. When he
got home, he discovered that the police had been called. He confessed to his
neighbors that he had been raping his son. While Falci may have seemed brave
and intelligent in the beginning, the truth was that he was the one who had
lost control. He had thought of everything. Nevertheless, he was sentenced to
four years in prison. Falci's son also disappeared. There was a rumor that he
had been murdered. Falci was tried and found guilty and sentenced to four years
in jail. Falci was released. He was released after spending one year, but he
never again went to the club. The other two were arrested. One of them died a
few months after the trial. Falci even did odd jobs for his time, he managed to
buy a small estate, but they left it to rot. He died in his house of a heart
attack by a moose. Falci. The third, though, was away in a wheelchair. The one
that survived, though, a crippleptually slipped in the bathtub. Falci about a
year. The one that survived, died, resigned the second one that hung

**

This would take a while, however. They would have to dig into their veins at
least once a week in order to inject the nutrition they needed to recover from
the diet. As crazy as it might seem, T. and E. wanted to live completely
on blood, and they decided that the best solution would be to break a few of
their own ribs in order to get a little blood every day. That way, they knew
they would eat only venison, which is often encountered in their area and often
is considered a delicacy for its high protein content. However, proving that
this was a viable plan was a big test of will, so they applied to the
university to go on a diet. This was one of many programs for transplants that
led T. and E. to do a summer course in how to do the transplants. It was
a difficult, but extremely rewarding experience, leading them to apply for a
thesis research project that would let them help other people, and to this day
neither of them has stopped thinking about the possibility. So, two of their
friends were transfused with E.'s blood and T.'s with T.'s, and they
were ready to take the first steps into taking on a kidney or liver transplant.
Oh, and did we mention that they could eat everything that was once allowed in
meat eating societies, including their own host's blood? They were about to go
on the transplant list, but about 10 years later they underwent a major change
of heart, traveled to a tiny village in India to experience their new life, and
decided to come back. During their stay in India, they realized that they could
not be fully vegan. As with all transplants, they were placed on a strict diet:
they would only be allowed to eat vegetables, fruit, and blood. They were
surprised when they realized they had developed firm, thick and healthy veins
again, which showed that they had made up their mind to go vegan this time
around. They would also remain in India for another year, working for the well
known research center, Jarrow. As a result, going vegan in India was easy,
although it was hard and challenging and quite different from life in Helsinki.
They had to learn new skills, such as how to climb a mountain without ropes,
carry a heavy truck on a tight rope, or brew a custom batch of beer with some
Indian spices, and even to cook Indian food with their Indian colleagues. They
started out in a routine and, although some surprises awaited them, they were
able to deal with them. However, as they remained entrenched in a vegan diet,
T. realized that they had lost their lust for blood and alcohol. They even
felt a strange tingling sensation in their legs, an unusual feeling which he
noticed when his friend's body was on the table. This feeling would come every
time they had sex, and their sex life never stopped increasing. In the summer
of 2006, they decided to return to Finland. After much deliberation, they
decided to try their hand at a vegan diet again. They had to make options for
themselves, as they had all the running water and electricity they could ever
need, but they still had to find their own source for blood. They decided to
make a dish using the veins of the animal they had eaten: they would crush a
pork tenderloin and use the tiny blood vessels that were squeezed out of it.
Biting into the thick, pink meat, they tasted blood and tasted it again. It was
not the real thing, but it was good. Together with the vegetarian friends, they
investigated alternatives to taking the human organs and realized that they had
nothing to fear from the food that their friends were already eating. But they
also knew that the rest of their decisions would have to be carefully
considered. They had to choose between a life of chopping meat for their ritual
meals and a life of being able to eat meat. Luckily, they were both located in
the center of Oulu in Finland, and the only shortage of meat-based foods is on
the southern and eastern fringes of Oulu, where there are relatively small
numbers of large cities. They decided to give it a go as they had made up their
mind to go vegan this time around. They started with their last meal of the
day: an original dish made with some vegetarian sautéed mushrooms. As they sat
down to talk about the future and the reasons behind the decision, the
conversation soon veered to what they were skipping, what they were avoiding,
and what sugary foods they would never eat. They confessed to each other that
they had decided they would never eat sweets again. T. and E. were
surprised by this and did not have the full picture, but also shocked by it.
Nevertheless, they kept their promise to themselves, using their experience in
India. At that very moment, T. and E. met a friend of theirs who was also
looking for a vegan diet. The friend suggested they take a day off from the
vegan diet and go for a walk. T.

**

Everyone was horrified. They had all fallen in love with this idea, forgetting
the other consequences, and so they had to have it put to one side. Then they
changed their minds. This time they shared a jeu d'esprit routine in grocery
stores, and they were able to resist the temptation. They were hungrier than
ever, and they managed to keep each other alive for several weeks, their mutual
memory banks full of the horrific pasts of the other. During their last meal,
one of them went crazy, and the other stabbed him, shearing off his liver and
killing him. They both thanked the very God for the perfect food that he had
served them.

**

'Milk,' they said, 'would feel good, and the taste of blood would be exquisite.
Everything tasted better.' After an average twelve weeks of feeding on each
other, T. was losing weight, his stomach was actually turning blue, and he
had developed a four year-old daughter. His wife, E., became also quite fat.
Following that, the T.es implemented the realistic plan of
self-liquidation. The first thing they did was to cut their bodies in half.
(This was not an easy thing to do: they were on a diet, after all. They could
only cut it into one half because the blood was easier to digest.) Next they
cut a pit out of their chests, stuffed it with meat and vegetables, and placed
it under their tongue. Before long, they discovered that this was like eating a
fresh-baked cheesecake! After that they cut all the meat off their arms, legs,
buttocks, lungs, and eyes. In that matter they behaved much like the American
homicidal maniacs he groups, ate the blood of their victims, and drank it to
the point of life-threatening intoxication. When they were able to stand, they
chose a small closed chamber which had been specially painted so they could
breathe. They used only foodstuffs they had in their home, such as boiled blood
lentils, mutated eggs, and long-limbed mushrooms. They started to feed on each
other's blood continuously by removing the lower incisors and cutting all the
teeth from their mouths. After six months, after a total of eighty-eight days
of ceaseless feeding on blood, the T.es were so exhausted that they died of
hunger. 'All that unnecessary work of feeding on others' blood,' says T..
'That's all that turned us into sanguines.'

Source: Cults of the Future: What Science Tells Us About Helping the Quest, by
Kim Stanley Robinson, copyright 1994 St. Martin's Press, p. 166.

* * *

From: "Sanguinism in the Bible and Other Literary Sources" in The Encyclopedia
of Religion, p. 74.

As to its being not merely a one-off incident, and a one-time phenomenon, but
is recorded in both the Old Testament and the New, says Dr. Poole, 'it is
rather remarkable that it is not more widely known. The butchery of the
Israelites is mentioned as far back as the days of Joshua, but it occurs again
the first time in the book of Genesis, and then in other parts of the Old
Testament. Cain was first killed by his brother Abel (Genesis 4:16–25), and the
first man to be cut in pieces was Esau (Genesis 25:1–5). In the second century
A.D. there is a Roman writer who records a sanguine in the case of a given
person at a given moment: when a Roman was tempted by the delicacies of Egypt,
he killed his wife, washed her blood from his hands, and then wrapped his body
in a coffin, laid it on a table covered with golden pomander, and ate the dead
corpse (Livy, Historia Augusta). There are also some instances of ancient Roman
soldiers eating human flesh (Aulus Gellius, Britanniae, 6.4.6; cf. Cicero, De
Finibus, 26.57). The scene in the Odyssey is of a sanguinistic assault by
Migol on his victim (Oyssey 4.252–3), and in the Indian epic of The
Mahabharata, the hero turns to sanguinism when poisoned by the poison of the
Brahmins (Atharvanam, 2.2.38–43).

The first recorded instance of a contemporary sanguinistic cult in Western
Europe may be the incident recorded in Greece about the year 404 B.C.E. when
Simon Magus, a young and ambitious priest from Alexandria, was being sought by
the assassins of the king, and begged to be allowed to test his skills against
his friends, who were already famous for their sanguinistic exploits. He
arranged a banquet on which the king's sons and daughters had been invited as
"most honored guests" (the Sicilians call them «leisires», «princes of the
feast»). They were offered a plate of flesh and celebrated with wine and a
great feast.

Simon presented himself to the king, who recognized him immediately and
recognized that he was not a mere servant but his brother in turn, who had been
a governor in the coast of Cyprus. He offered him his daughter in marriage and
sent for all the leading members of the royal household, hoping that he might
test them in his own blood. But the ceremony was a failure: when Simon the
king, who was very passionate, wanted to eat the rich sacrificer. He was
overpowered by the reaction of the crowd and the inquis enchate nobility, who
had

**

The overwhelming reaction was incredulity. They didn't know what they had done.
So much blood? How could they manage all that blood? Would they need to
sterilize their weapons? How could they use the blood in their diet against
each other? History and science say otherwise.

Sanguinism has a long, long history. It was believed to have occurred even in
the ancient world, and was the method of extermination performed by the ancient
Greeks and Romans. In more recent times, sanguinism was banned for the most
part in Europe, and almost vanished in America, but it has experienced a
resurgence in the last two centuries, particularly in the Western world, where
there are many sanguinism-minded groups like the National Alliance for the
Separation of Cultures (NASC) and Bloodstained Men, each of which has thousands
of members within its ranks.

Sanguinism has also been embraced as a form of religious expression in
America. Each of these groups are complete subcultures within their own
countries, each with their own beliefs, philosophies, and even rituals.
However, they all share a common goal: to fixate on a specific page of human
history, any page. They have set up a radio station, broadcast in English,
which would dispense with the usual commercial breaks and halfway through the
broadcast, would play a sermon by a man named John Derham. The sermon was
titled, "Was Jesus a Sanguine?" which is a great title on so many levels. And
it did not take long for the faithful to latch on to a particularly good part
of the sermon:

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the Pope is trying to drive a stake
through the heart of Christendom. It's not happening on the part of John the
Baptist. It's happening during the fifth century, during the Roman Empire, in
the city of Achaia (a Greek colony on the coast of Asia Minor). They destroyed
the greatest empire that the world ever knew – the Roman Empire – because they
wanted celibacy. Supposedly, they had a message that was a 'Love is stronger
than hate' – an 'Aha!' moment. And they came to a place called Achaia, where
they decided that we should all get together and have sex with each other. And
the message they had was: we can have sex with people who have been dead for a
hundred years, okay?

According to Christian belief, the bodily fluids of Christ were sacred, and the
actual blood of Christ was forbidden. This meant that the bread and wine from
the Passover, the body and blood of Christ, were considered to be unclean and
were actually a danger to anyone who consumed them. At least, that was the
venerable belief held by the Church. All sorts of superstitions and mythologies
grew up around the blood of Christ. A small portion of it was eaten. And at
least some of the passion of Christ was, well, everyone had a theory.

Now, this ancient Christian take on the story seems like a perfectly acceptable
one for pagan Europeans to swallow. Because this belief in blood as sacred is
something that would have likely been prevalent in ancient Greece, Rome, and
all the other parts of the Roman Empire, the ancient Roman populace would've
been very interested in such a story. A tale so popular that even its
sorcerer-priest-Pope claims were completely false? What a crazy, crazy world we
lived in. We're told even today that "Jupiter is the god of sex," and that this
is actually what all people have in common. In fact, there's a myth about how
all gods get it on and then just sit back and watch it all unfold. That way,
it's for all the good of everyone.

These pagan Europeans were certainly not ignorant of all this. They understood
the ideas of sacrifice and magic. From this, they would have understood that
blood was particularly forbidden. And they were also aware that blood was good.
They had no particular reason to think that sanguinism and sex were bad
things. In fact, the idea of a story where all the blood from a guy named Jesus
was eaten by a bunch of people and Jesus is magically magically healed by
eating the blood first and then shows up on all of their faces kind of sounded
pretty sweet.

Admittedly, this was not the first time that people had ever heard of
sanguinism. While there have been many guesses as to what the term
"Sanguinismo" might refer to, little evidence has been found to support this
theory. But when people heard the term "Sanguine Jesus," it went beyond the
shit-talking phase into complete freaking insanity.

Of course, it was probably also a few centuries before the first highly
publicized trauma of an openly sanguinistic Jesus ever hit the news. Which, in
turn, caused a massive increase in Morale.

Well, the idea of a massive increase in sanguinism in sanguinism was already
pretty much ingrained

**

They promised to live in perpetual sanguinism until one of them died of
starvation. No one was looking forward to this — and in fact, the idea was not
so popular. T. and his partner saw an incredible opportunity. They had
grown to love each other, and they promised to do anything to keep that love
alive at all costs, even if it meant their own demise. Not everyone listens to
their inner voices.

Then, as the pair predicted, they began to suffer from death dreams that would
have been hard to imagine even a few years prior. In these intense
hallucinations, they could feel each other's warmth and badly wanted to squeeze
each other into a corner and choke to death on each other. At the same time, it
was revealed that they were consumed by colourful phantasms that grew larger
and larger when a friend took a bite of their blood, showing that their desires
were being squared with their pangs of hunger.

Sanguinism was not the only risky idea brought to life in this classic novel.
The whole story is full of very unusual ideas — from a race of water demons to
an intergalactic war between humans and aliens. In the end, both T. and
E. are aghast to discover that no one in their immediate vicinity was eating
meat, and that quite a few of those who did were their friends. At one stage,
the pair actually consulted a psychiatrist — the entire 300-page volume is
packed with small allegories that reflect great concepts like self-awareness
and conscious states.

T. and E.'s story is far from being devoid of truths — there are plenty
of moments that jar your preconceptions. For instance, the book seems to
suggest that eating meat is bad because all of the nutrients and proteins get
excreted. However, this is a peculiar theory: several studies in the past have
found that the absence of certain nutrients is not necessarily a bad thing (it
can even serve as a compelling argument for vegetarian diets). In fact, the
only people who have shown an increased risk of cancer are those who consume
meat regularly (they may be consuming more of some nutrients than they should),
but the study has never been replicated — and most of the people warned about
the dangers from a lack of meat intake seem not to be clinically ill at all.

The book also criticises the concept of the Social Darwinist, a term coined by
the 19th century eugenicist Charles Davenport, and has since become associated
with the anti-social lifestyles of the 1960s hippie movement. However, various
scholars have since pointed out that Social Darwinism as a concept was largely
an invention by the political right of the United States in the 19th century,
and that its broader use was mainly in the context of the environmental
movement (rather than promoting the welfare of the human species).

The novel is also the story of a young bride who is set on a journey — one that
will put her new life as a wife and mother at risk. By the end of the book, she
has lost her husband to her wedding night. It's intriguing to consider all
these philosophical and social implications, but the focus of this book is
something far more personal: romance.

In the first few days, the novel is set in the bedroom of a pastoral
Rettenmaier family, which raises the question as to whether it would matter if
this could be a romantic affair or just an extended, passionate one. In truth,
this is a difficult question to answer because the novel is not explicit about
this; it is up to the reader to make sense of the author's intentions. If the
book's tone seems evasive and mysterious, this is difficult because a lot of
inspiration for the book came from T. and E.'s imagination.

The two main characters are handsome and charismatic, and their love is
infectious. They meet in a bar, but the book isn't narrated in the first
person, although at the beginning T. 'merely' tells the story of meeting
E., and E. is shown as the big, confident speaker in the opening chapters.
Their love unfolds in several scenes, and the sense of discovery that occurs
each time they kiss is enchanting.

This emotional flow between the two is crucial in the book's popularity, as it
reflects the novel's authenticity. Not every author will go to such lengths to
present their mystery as a story of a man and a woman as their romantic
passion, but T. and E. are very clever and worthy of admiration. Their
relationship is at times spooky, but it develops into a grounded love as the
story goes on. The second half of the novel is most slowly paced, because its
setup is not fully explored. When the couple eventually do leave each other, it
feels like a chore, even though the payoff is great. The final scene at the
end, in which the couple first love story begins to go awry, is both moving and
satisfying. It subverts the conventions of
