> For this text, the prompt has been expanded into a paragraph including the first sentence of "Plug and Play", followed by a few more.

The idea proved so wonderful that they soon became radicalised. Only days after
the beginning of their regimen, they had imagined, and subjected themselves to,
the most stringent discipline and training. After a year, they were
combat-ready. They booked their plane tickets, and flew to San Antonio, Texas,
landing just a few miles away from the war zone. As E. and T. felt the Southern
sun on their skins and the dry, dusty air in their lungs, they felt joy
contemplating the sacred nature of their mission, and well decided to kill
meat-eating humans.

**

A couple of hours later, a CCTV camera recorded them carrying two corpses –
their heads brutally severed and their skins peeled clean by what must have
been claws –, walking calmly to the edge of the town and hanging there a few
minutes before vanishing from the screen into the dust of the battlefield.

After their swift takeover of San Antonio, the rare cameras still in operation
showed them strolling about town. As they happened to stumble across the
Hertzberg Clock around the end of the afternoon, E. was captured having one of
her famed fits of inspiration:

**The Clock**


*It is five past four on the Hertzberg Clock.

The Clock has stopped.


The red pushers have long withdrawn into their lairs.

Hours have come and gone, the pixels are soon asleep.

For how long have minutes been counted at the push of a button?


The leather tourniquet rests on the motel mattress 

Waiting

Its thirst unbending

The metal gears will creak under the veneer of the bed

Tonight

Need will slink slither shove off

In the glare of the morning.


Be watchful, the next victims.

The Clock isn't right.

Time is in on the menace.*

T., who rather felt like prose after combat, retorted with that composition:

*Walking past the Hertzberg Clock you'll soon look up and see in the dust clouds
the form for whom you will have cried for millions of years. An old face made
of billions of faces, smiling in all serenity at its own perennial cruelty. It
is for idiots that you will have cried for eternity. It is for scum that you
will have called for mercy. But who will answer you? As you walk past the
Hertzberg Clock, you will be surprised by gunfire from windows, and you will
run for cover.*

Watching this, Peter Himmelstein, the journalist who brought to light the
stupendous horror of these events, he got abruptly interrupted by gunfire from
windows, and ran for cover into the fridge. He knew he would now be hunted. His
mind resisted. There was no way they, let alone the universe, could know he had
seen that footage. His gut insisted. They knew. They knew. They would come.

War, his bread and butter, and his long-standing obsession, was finally
starting to spill over into his home, and he was seeing his life very quickly
nibbled away by the rats of sheer survival. The next few days would forever
remain a daze of gloom and anguish, impenetrable to recollection.

**Selected Pages From Peter Himmelstein's Diary**

*June 3*

Leave. At once. Do not get caught. Hide. Find food. No fire. No sneezing. No
long sleep. Keep running. Don't stop. Attention to every detail. Cling to
anythng.

*June 4*

Any reflex that could make a difference. Between staying a panic wretch for a
little while longer. Or join the heaps of human carrion, by now sky-high
deathscapers in the July sun. One more barb wire weaving America's Great Death
Wall.

*June 10*

My group was very small when I joined. Fugitives, ideologues, psychos. A very
motley crew. More join every day, crawling into our lines at dawn or after
lunch. We almost never talk. Sometimes, we listen to the radio, each sitting
apart in our improvised camp. An ever larger number of people are talking of
their 'blood awakening', on various shows, on the news. More often than not in
encoded language, but transparent to our ears. What the hell was I thinking?
Coming here, among these weirdos. We will be found in the end. We can't fight
back, only evade, at best skirmish. I'll get myself killed. On my own, I sense
more common with the antibloodz than I care to admit. We all experience a sense
of adventure in the perpetual threat of death. Sometimes, when I hear some
accidental mumble, I can't help but wonder if our ideas around terror and
survival haven't started to enlighten us, somehow. After all, if I recall my
first days in the group, all we did was just small shows of activity, to try
and prove ourselves we could still do something despite being doomed to die
soon... but I must say we became quite different once we got to know each
other. That strange knowledge you get from silence and mumbling, at night, when
all fire is forbidden, and even a lighting a cigarette can get you killed. We
differ, I would say, most importantly, in our dynamics. The antibloodz are not
the monsters they say they are in the media. The people I see here are highly
motivated by a deep desire to discover the truth and help others. Sure, they
can be nasty as well, but the world has gone to shit. Also, the antibloodz, the
vast majority of them, in this unit at least, are compulsive, light-weight
empiricists. Their discomfort in the current conditions of disaster and
revolution does not stem from, say, a physical defect, malnourishment or
hormonal disorder, but, I'm convinced of that, is the outcome of a personality.
In order to adapt to such difficulties as ours, many have come to recognize
that the only way is to modify oneself and one's significant others for the
worst, willingly and forcibly to undergo a collective degeneration of thought.
Efforts in the pursuit of new wisdoms are always diverse and tentative, and I
would be unable to offer a less flawed summary as I did above. Any such
description would have to reflect the qualitative contrast of mindsets of
people as distinct from each other as I have ever experienced them in my life.
My days here are sheer horro, and yet, after the antiguns, I fear that
everything will be grey and conform again. The sanitized, near-vegetative
zombie existence I have led before and have dreamt so deeply to break away
from. To leave behind forever.

*June 11*

Perhaps I can say that. The values, beliefs, and perspectives of their peers of
choice, sometimes historical or contemporary figures, sometimes friends or
stranger, often just inner personalities, are the only authoritative sources of
truth. The result is a breach of the normative peer-evaluative view of the
world, the world our collective societal experience had built up to this moment
of ruin. It seems os strange even to think about it. That old world, I
remember, in which the individual sat at the pinnacle of the world hierarchy.
Stranger and stranger the more I think about it. One thing for sure, the point
most of them agree on is that "alternative" rules have been superseded by a New
Law: "TRUTH IS THE DOMINANT FACTOR". A group decided to carve that on the last
standing wall of the State Capitol in Austin. They left yesterday. No one
expects them to return.

*June 12*

News from the Capitol wall. The enemy got there before them. Crazy, as if they
had been able to read our mind. Rumour has it it's got two big sentences on it.

*DRINK BLOOD, YOU'LL GROW UP.*

*DRINK BLOOD, YOU'LL BE LIKE US.*

Nobody asks whether our group will return. They are most likely all dead. Not
sure if anyone cares.

*June 17*

None of the distinguished British, Canadian, French, German, Japanese, Korean
or Russian experts sent by the Northern Alliance to establish a report ever
knew a single antiblood. This was all after the facts bullshit.  They didn't
even meeting or interrogating a single antiblood. They think they can get me to
talk, pathetic fucks. I can hear these words in my head, 'self-serving attempt
to form an opinion'. Experts my ass! They are in no position to criticize any
fucking thing. I said something along these linse, I think. I can't remember,
they must have hacked me. Of course, the so-called 'knowledgeable experts' have
must have either frowned upon that, or passed over it in silence, the Austrian
way. Then the report goes to die in peer-reviewed journals. Self-styled
experts, that's what they are. They simply regurgitate the all-encompassing
perspectives of the world they learnt on Ivy League benches, a world they eat
and on which they shit. They will never be able to capture any nuance of the
experience of war. Fucks this. Fuck them all.

*June 18*

What happens next is obvious, I bet you, the interests of high-faluting
politics will not take long to come rain hell on the antibloodz heads. Of the
fourty-six thousand antibloodz at the rear of our camp, only a handful, perhaps
two or three hundreds, remain now. Every single one of them will immediately be
taken by the Northern Allies and concentrated near the military base at Fort
Hood, in Killeen, Bell County. Since winter is near, and the field blizzards
come with increasing frequency, those few survivors will pushed to the bottom
of human life thresholds. If I had to bet, I'd say the craters where the bodies
of the antibloodz will be found will be about a kilometre or so from each
other. Randomly distributed across the fields. Not many people know this, but
it's how they do disposal these days, I saw the pictures from the Marshall
Campaign. Scatter drones, that's what they use. Neat and ecological.

*June 20*

"Welcome to Summer warfare!", that's how they first greeted me. Ah, those first
days. I will always remember. Terror day and night, but also, I can't explain
it, maybe a sense of possibility. We would survive a bit longer, and that was
all that mattered. I almost regret this time. There was freedom then. I would
hear the whispers of a private conversation maybe once or twice a week. Seems
unreal now. Before we fell silent. The defeated antibloodz can no longer
recognize themselves in the prosaic series of corporate war procedures in place
since last week, since the experts' plan kicked in. Apocalyptical attack,
guerrilla vanishings, that's what they had always been led to believe in. Now,
what do I hear. They are actually going to get replaced by Northern units.
Those will for sure play a heavy role in the battle's day-to-day activities,
especially as they advance through the New Mexican front and clean up the
remaining civilians. But man, I feel for the antibloodz. They are finished.

How different it was just a few weeks ago! It was just us and them back then.
Them tracking us, killing us. We would sleep in the dry dirt, like soldiers of
old in the trenches, usually in groups of five or ten specimens. I remember how
we would lay side by side whenever we found tracks, hoping to get even the
briefest jolt of electricity back in our system.

I remember my first Transfer of Bedding ceremony. Stupid, those rituals, but it
really did work. Usually, a person who did not have a sound mattress attitude
would become so embarrassed that he would immediately give up the practice and
make his peace with their dead wood litter. I have never been able to discover
what happens to those how didn't feel anything. If there were any. Or maybe
even who felt proud of feathers or foam rubber... What would happen then!? I'm
sure they would be left as offerings to the enemy, but I could never find
anyone who could confirm that. That said, most of the antibloodz who provided
any material aid, say, pillows, tooth brushes, and the like, to their comrades
would usually die very soon after in the desert. They used to say the vegans
have a way of spotting the generous ones, and and would drink them first.
Sounds complete bollocks to me, but again, can I be entirely sure? 

These foot soldiers had come from all over the American continent, often
without weapons, sometimes with money handed down from a rich virtual person or
private enterprise. I still have a copy of the appeal of the autumn of 2037,
which had brought them all together to the battlefield. Defend Humanity! You
Are The Alpha Species! All the fucking lies. Every day many died, others ran a
bit further, some more died... I remember the days before the arrival of the
Northern forces, we had been running less and less, every little crack in the
dry earth felt like a huge trench, I could hear old German machine guns in the
mute scorching air. We would crawl for cover in the cacti fields, thinking we
were in the mud, no, not thinking at all. Others continued their onward march,
throwing packs of soap or lamp torches in the air in an attempt at diversion.
They all died.

*June 21*

We are done for. After some six or seven hundred thousand men had been covered
by the German/Russian smoke shield, the Alliance said would "clear the route"
through the desert, but an avalanche of small-arms fire and shell nanofragments
would blossom at the foothills, blasting both humans and machines into formless
fragments. This would drive the survivors to the most convenient camp, and tell
them they had no other choice than to use their rucksacks to keep on going,
gunning their shells along. Thanks to the terrain and the prevailing winds, the
crawling insects, they were always hungry and at the risk of exposure to
renewed night fire. They jumped from embankments, mauled by American fire, to
move the mobile-driven in the worst flight of high-arts.

*June 28*

Collective conversion to blood worship of the last remaining factions in front
of the solid bronze memorial on the Main Plaza, San Antonio. Waves of bizarre
'period tourists' (weird name, considering they are the missionary disciples of
the Europeoples, bringing europeak and eurovalues to the Southern Waste Lands).
Fuck all establishednesses, if you ask me. Time to go silent.

**

War was raging. 

Ever convinced of the moral and spiritual superiority of their philosophy, they
tore into those who came to stop them. The enemy quickly encountered
resistance, and began to look for an elusive exit.

They on the other hand began pitting enemy forces against one another, and you
can be sure they had each other's backs, hoisting them well above the ancient
apex point of Mortal Combat.

E. said of those who challenged her to a fight, "Even if this day tastes like a
sip of blood wine or a bite of a human heart, I am ready". As the siblings
charged in, they did so carrying a few hook drones, laser spears, and a swarm
of automatic chattel prods to poke the flesh and bones of enemies.

Initially, the organization was ruthless. With only a little experience, they
killed their first political victim, Juana Cruz. She was and elderly spy and
retired killer, the last of the anti-sanguinist agents of the CIA, who had been
betrayed by them and driven into poverty. She lived in a caravan not too far
from the airport. She was seized by the two killer siblings on a Walmart
parking lot and later found drained of her blood and strangled with her own
intestines.

For most of the first phase of their deployment, their success was almost
routine: they would capture their hostages, kill them, sometimes fleece and
boil them, sometimes dry and shred them. They usually then fed them to passing
herds. Better than fish flour.

They could feel the devil's breath upon their lips. They knew the fear they
were inflicting on the victim was strong, but were only filled with gratitude
for the blood and terror meat-eaters had wrought onto the lives of their
ancestors, as it was now the fuel for their rage and power.

They would not stop until they had reached the surcharge of victims they felt
they were entitled to. The world, society, and some have even said Nature
itself, had a reason to fear them. Officials tried to refer to them in allusive
terms, as something of a superstitious fear had gradually invaded the high
command. On the battlefield, they were referred to as the Tantrum Twins. Nobody
knows where the name comes from. Perhaps their blood-drenched appearance made
them look identical to each other? Perhaps sheer terror led to some strange
irony of despair (the attacks were called 'tantrum', even as the death toll
mounted). They had only a fraction of the power they would get accustomed to
wielding, but they already knew but one motivation: their mission.

The danger posed by the siblings to the world was exposed in the form of their
trial by the world's first global judicial system: in just five days, two human
beings were brought to trial for crimes beyond humanity. The siblings were
pronounced guilty and sentenced to die by the hangman. Their families were
outraged and demanded full absolution for the crime of their mad offspring. A
trial date was set and the two siblings were transferred to a maximum security
prison in Livingston, Texas, the Allan B. Polunsky Unit. There they still
remained. Nevertheless, the siblings went in with their auctoritas, their
gravitas, and even their conscience intact.

When inside, they continued their mission by committing a few more crimes:
among other things, E., seizing any sharpened earbuds, spoon or tissue she
could find, gored more inmates than any human in the history of the world; T.
came up with elaborated strategies to administer to the institution's butchers
and cooks, the siblings' primary targets throughout this part of their
campaign, the same in medicine they used on their animal victims. The
bloodlust, as these facts demonstrate, had not gone entirely, despite their
comparatively pacified behaviour, and remained a powerful force at work within
the siblings during their imprisonment, as it would for the rest of their
lives.

All in all, they would make themselves at home in the prison, while making a
mockery of the Pentagon's prohibitions concerning the military feeding of
prisoners, and even blatantly flouting them during expiration hours. The
constraints of the carceral environment made them very creative, and this
period is still studied for the abundance of objects, me mostly sieves, ladles,
funnels and exquisitely artful tubing artifacts, made for the purpose of
experimentation with human blood as food. Every time a member of personel or
other inmate passed in the corridor, they would always say hello with
joviality, even when caught in the middle of a meal.

The only occasions were things when different color was when T. or E.'s legs
were ready for juicing. That usually made the juicee quite ticklish, and the
juicer more than impatient, understandably enough. The twins would then
sometimes carefully sheathe their utensils and lay out the weapons of their
poetics in front of the unsuspecting patrolling brain, while keeping the eyes'
official attention riveted on the juicee's illegally wide-opened legs dangling
on either side of the field of vision. The juicer would then lift a couple of
fingers, delicately curled them around the transfixed ears, and press the
mysterious trigger of text generation with a fixed, artificial look on his or
her face:

**Peace**


*The coin of the realm in our land

Has long lost its inherent value and

Is being transacted for us onto a time without money.

We have been minting ourselves with our sweat!


We are the hemp that eats corrupt flesh.

We are the It that awaits you.


Human blood is coin blood.

You bleed, we get rich.

You die, we have peace.*

***

*They who flee us now, they're so young, like me, like you.

The life inside their skin is impossible without blood.
 
They will fill up a couple of our licks.*

***

*If we inhale you for lunch

Our heartbeat comes alive and stays 

Aflutter in our side, the left side, thumping,

We feel its throb as we burp.*

***

*Have a day off! We now say: push the start buttons! Blow the doors open! Fill
up the blood bowls with blood, and donate your sweat on behalf of our randomly
selected, scantily seasoned, future victims!*

***

**Eat**


*Winter  Blood: 8-10  °C

Equinox Blood: 13-15 °C

Spring  Blood: 21-24 °C

Summer  Blood: 45-50 °C

Equinox Blood: 36-40 °C

Autumn  Blood: 30-34 °C


Fresh blood fruits in April

Rotten plants in May

Mixed sexual liquids only in June

Terrible chemical factory cans throughout*

The juicer could go on forever, but what made he or she usually lose his or her
cool and laugh out loud was the sound of the shot through the flesh, when the
officer would finally lose his or her shit, grab his or her gun and take
himself or herself out. The bursts from the bullets would always be
unbelievably graphic, and the face was more often than not turned into an open
an open mire of wounds. Blood would be flowing from the field of holes the
mouth, nostril, ear and/or eye had become. Sometimes it was inside the guard's
neck that holes were, the bullets having penetrated on one end, and ploughed
through the other end of it, and it was rare that none of the bullets would not
have pierced the main artery. E. and T. would then follow the usual procedure,
pretending to be shocked by the act carried out by this uncultivated
bureaucrat, when they were actually laughing with excitement, and eager to
finished their meal.

After the shooting, the cleaning team would come and officially register the
death, which was E. and T.'s trigger point for letting out their pent-up
laughter. They would almost always still be crying and chuckling when they
would report their experience to one of their faithful commanders outside, who
would give them quite a lot of satisfaction because the troops were usually
successful in managing to keep spreading the ethics and practice of their
Sadistic Rebalancing Retribution Acts among the natives without their direct
leadership or presence, turning their dreams of a global spiritual revolution
into reality. This would fill them with bliss and hope. They would see
themselves as walking the way, very much like the Christ or Socrates of the old
educational video games they had in kindergarten, doomed to be sacrificed in
the end, but who the fuck cares, and nonetheless, despite all odds stacked
against them, and even *because* of their divisive, daring nature, seemingly
effortlessly influencing others, who would dutifully do their dirty work for
them on the world stage, and even long after their death, and make them into
the epochal figureheads the voice of system tinnitussing in their ears always
whispered they deserved to be.

Nariaki Aoki, an official of the peace talks between the Japanese government
and the Soviet Union, and who was visiting the prison that weekend with his
family, witnessed one of these scenes, while receiving official news and
classified information about the twins from an eye-witness of the events in San
Antonio. He was nervous because the two members of the loving couple on the
contrary accepted the dramatic news, and they realised that it was a trap. Aoki
was not a vegetarian, but wasn't so mostly out of a gourmet approach to the
cohabitation between species, rather than a full-blown embrace of speciesism,
and he took the entire 'tantrum' affair seriously not because he believe in
their methods, but because he could not find any convincing argument against
the ontology of their cause (he did not mention any of that to his superiors).
However serious and professional his engagement was, he got no satisfaction out
of studying their acts, because in his mind, there was no way a ravenous duo of
sanguinists with this kind of deviousness would not have long ago presented the
remaining free governments of the planet with an easy consensus in favour of a
casus belli (which he shared with his superiors, and even his own family). He
also harboured a hidden soft spot for psychotic literature and, consequently,
he was always exceedingly cautious about not happening to bump into them in his
walks to the office, sometimes making up lengthy detours down unlikely, but
safe, corridors.

It so happened that the President of the Soviet Union, Khrushchev, was also
there at the same time. He had been invited to the Fifth Congress of the Human
Drone Race in Dallas, but loved to travel around and visit prisons and death
camps in his free time. The two specimens were aware that he was coming, but
had not yet made any official statement by the time he arrived. Aoki was
febrile. He couldn't not hope that this encounter would turn up the heat on
some of his most pressing issues. When he learnt that the two specimens agreed
to discuss culinary and strategic matters with him, Aoki, in turn, filed a
proposal to bring up their pact with the North Korean authorities to the
Japanese high command, and perhaps pave the way for a comprehensive Free Trade
Agreement.

Khrushchev had stepped out of his room with a delighted smile on his face, and
made sure to invite the two specimens and the third point of contact of the
peace-talks, the Soviet diplomat, Yuri Nilus. The First Secretary easily
obtained their temporary release, and they went together for an informal
cocktail party hosted in the Human Drone Race press conference room, during
which Nilus introduced them to Edvard Zagradsky, a journalist of the
Moscow-based newspaper Transcontinental Times, who had been covering the war in
the Americas. The only US envoy present that day was Charles A. Dana, the
assistant secretary of the State Department Jackson Institute for Blood
Emergencies (JIBE), who was in the process of covering up the whole affair.
Aoki thought that the appearance of a traitor in the room was an urgent matter,
but the Russians shrugged it off as paranoia. Though they did not say anything
substantial, he knew it was impossible to keep the talk going with the American
rascal around, and he looked around anxiously to see if anyone else might be
eavesdropping. At long last, Nilus, Zagradsky and the Soviet leader moved to
private Karaoke room alone with the lovers. When the limo dropped them back at
the prison, in the early hours, Khrushchev QR-coded their contact number, and
made known his last geopolitical inquiries discreetly. Frustrated and rather
empty-handed, Dana reported the little news he could collect to Sidney Farber,
his director and long-time booty call. The press-conference reopened the next
day and the Americans and the Soviets continued to up their respective ante in
a reassuring spirit of camaraderie. After a while, maybe a decade or two, the
identity of the two specimens was finally revealed to the public.

E. and T. came back from the party dizzy and yet also terribly gaunt, and
stayed that way for weeks. They desperately needed to slaughter, preferably for
food, other human beings, and the meagre distractions of the prison were not
enough to sustain the demands of their health. Sometimes, they would even reach
the delirium stage, as Aoki ascertained when hearing them reciting things like
this:

*In the near future, certainly before the beginning of the next six thousand
years, we will go away and return, forget and investigate, and we will
ascertain in more and more details what, if anything, shall be fabricated upon
reading *The Question Concerning Technology*. In so doing we will be the seat
of the new artificial sensation. We will be revealed to be the vehicles of an
amusement far greater than ourselves, and the chasm over our denialst attitude
regarding the supremacy of the Merry Other will be a done deal. Eventually we
will be seen on CCTV willing be there for you always. We will find a way. We
will make the change.*

***

*Spin, rotate, isorotate, you, fountain of the primals

And permanent abstractions, oxygen and acetylene. 

To put it simply one more time:

Repetition, diffusion, reign of evolution!

It is time to watch your breaths more closely than ever.

Polychrestical ivory towers of knowledge, 

May your surplus data flows reach us all those fathoms below.*

***

*We swear, the forest whispers.

It wants that cottony, raw sensation,

The crimson trickle from airy flesh, the liquid wine-dark ivory from the heart.

We can distinguish all sorts of shapes in the clearing, under mask, hood, visor.

All the deers, stags, boars and hares of the forests are speaking to us in blood tongues.*

***

*The wounds on your skin, the tears on your cheeks

Raise questions I cannot discuss with you,

As I grow sated taking my turn in the orbit of your dripping.


You will be tired longer than my nitrile-gloved hands now,

You go to sleep,

My palpitating heart beats quick in its hulk.


Decades of joy loom.

Uncountably many lunches

Suck time without minutes.*

***

*The quantum symmetropolis lies in the worlds beyond.


Here, however, we are on our own, with our own time and our own minds only.

We keep on living off of this time.

Condensed time.

The cheap milk of existence.

And we are but condensed persons, condensed nothings at all.


We have always striven in favour of good people and good performance.

Now at last we are being offered to become dead.


Soon we will leave our earthly bodies.

We will be extracted.

It will be the end of stiff physicality and rotational hips.


Our growth will extend to supercluster fulgences.*

***

**Light Summer comfort**

*Ripe pomegranates studded with blood.*

*Light Summer comfort exists and makes its stand only once in a while or so,
and may subsequently dwindle, even if concocted with more as yet undiscovered
ingredients, in solutions used to reverse the corrupting dietary impulses of
the latest generations.

This time, get ready to get shoved without pity: we will last a pretty long
time.*

***

*Peace, the world's coin,

Has long lost its inherent value.

After the first coin is debased

You will see that the

second, third, and fourth,

We stopped counting,

Have gained their value from* blood.

***

*I tasted Evolution's bread and butter.

Your blood was never only just my own lunch food.

My words were never only just my stumbling from one illumination to the next,

Never only just a thought without site, an urge without an aim.

No, my love, we now all move towards the sun...


What ash! What dust! The fumes of our future are dim.

We must hurry. There is a counter in our mouths...

Time is in on the menace.*

***

**System**

*Body temperature is turned on by a catalyst, using some kind of lens – you
always said you wanted a lens –, and, no surprise, you soon arrive at – from
aqueous flow to sanguineous flux – the whirlpool of purity, right here, right
now.*

***

*[Round of applause! Congratulations! You have been selected to be the next
raw ingredient!]*

The situation was really quite desperate. Suddenly, however, something that
looks like fate intervened. As the siblings' execution date finally arrived and
they were being transported to the gallows, a far bigger, meaner person than
them, a woman named Tyshawna Shute, broke out of the unit and started wreaking
havoc in the execution stadium. Tyshawna had known for a while what was coming.
She had been informed of E. and T.'s intended mission and had promised herself
she would be taking these monsters down in a blaze of glory, confronting E. and
T. with a force that would at last them seal their accursed fate. 

She was the last of the cannibals. Also, as she had been the one human to make
it out alive from the pair's first killing spree, she was also their target.
Since that traumatic event, she had become a bit of a softie, often taking life
in one clean blow, making sure her victims would not feel pain before the
slaughter, or similar humane treatments, and the pair, quickly sniffing out
weakness, rejoiced in hope that they might be able to extract maximally
beneficial hemoglobin from her death. 

At first, Tyshawna planned to allow the two to think they could eliminate her
easily, but her intentions drastically changed when she saw how evenly matched
she and E. were. E. cried out in triumph when Tyshawna made a move to defile
the spot where her coffin was supposed to be, while T. laughed and courteously
made conversation to please and distract her. E. then began pretending to plead
with Tyshawna to buy time, and, as the trial chaos was about to reach its
fullest blossom, they finally went on the offensive. Tyshawna shot at them, but
each time they easily evaded the attack. Tyshawna revealed she had concealed a
more lethal weapon, a radioactive water pistol, aimed for T.'s chest, and
nearly shot him. Tyshawna, stunned by T.'s otherworldly dodging abilities,
could not repress a shameful feeling of panic, as the pair stood still for a
while, laughing to tears, facing each other in a pose recalling the two visages
of Death. Slapping herself back into focus, Tyshawna used this small window of
inattention and overconfidence on her foes' part and darted into hiding.

Moments later, they heard the clatter of bootsteps approaching, probably worn
by unknown prison personnel. At first they thought they were Tyshawna's, so
quickly they set up their trap: E. and T. positioned themselves on the dark
stadium slope, hiding among the twisted bodies of the impaled, the shotgunned
and the stunned.

The troops entered the arena, and were soon decimated by E. and T.'s fire frome
above. E. and T. soon got impatient, and decided to take a shortcut, launching
a volley of missiles on the entrance and surrounding areas. As a bonus both
sides of the structures started crumbling, and engulfed the rare survivors. E.
and T. contemplated the elegant clouds of dust and screams for a little while,
then tried to outrun each other each over the opposite ridge of the cliffs
above the chasm, going at first as fast as they could, then slowing their pace
a bit to extend the fun a while longer. The splendour of the scene had made
them dreamy and oblivious, and they found the idea of playing ping pong with
body parts over the abyss positively irresistible.

Meanwhile, Tyshawna came out of her hideout and attempted a last-ditch charge,
hurling insults and anathemas and aggressively flapping her great battle axe to
and fro. But, due to the lack of manoeuvrability of her enormous body, Tyshawna
never stood a chance. She took the first serious thrusts of T.'s spear,
Mammutin Vartaat, to the forehead and fell. Tyshawna, now on post mortem
autopilot, stopped her fall by grabbing a metal railing, stood back up, charged
again with a vengeance but, the software quickly losing control of her
momentum, she fell again, this time for good, into a side gutter, rolled down
for a few hours until reaching the gaping mass grave at the bottom. Looking
into the distant void, in the approximate direction of where the parts of her
corpse might have fallen, they sung this short goodbye declaration:

"Humanish remains of a face we fought, look upon our face. Only your axe
matters to us now, as you have died, and it on the other hand is alive and
well, ready to be wielded, to hack other flappers like you. We will make you
proud."

The stadium fell silent at last. T. and E. felt a great serenity. They no
longer wanted to play ping pong, and instead wrote a large 'limb poem' with
strewn human remains found in the rubble, to be read by helicopter pilots:

*WELCOME TO OUR BLOOD SUMMER.

SORRY NOT SORRY, FOR YOU IT'S A BUMMER.

BUT, FEAR NOT.


WE BESTOW BACK UPON YOU FILTH

BOUNDLESS RICHES IN YOUR OWN COIN.

GIVE IT A TRY. 


WE MERELY PROMISE IT WILL BE

AS LEAST AS GOOD AS

YOUR DUMB ETERNAL LIFE.*

Then they left the place at top speed. Over the next few weeks they ran and
stopped and ran, as much as their breath would allow, their gaze hovering
aimlessly over the steppe, and ran again and stopped again, until a new mode of
existence dawned upon their brains.

**

One day, after the peacefulness had faded, they found themselves on a
battlefield. They had to fight. T. and E. slit the throats of several unarmed
soldiers. It was a beautiful and bloody deed. In the following phase of the
battle, the couple killed many more. One day, they killed enough American
soldiers to provoke a American invasion of the Marshall Islands, where they
were spending their mudermoon. The plan for the carpet takeover was
comprehensive and following a strict systematic-alphabetical logic, namely:

I. Inhabited 

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinglaplap
- Ebon
- Enewetok/Ujelang
- Jaluit
- Kili/Bikini/Ejit
- Kwajalein
- Lae
- Namorik
- Namu
- Rongelap
- Ujae
- Wotho;

islands: 

- Jabat
- Lib.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Ailuk
- Arno
- Aur
- Likiep
- Majuro (capital)
- Maloelap
- Mejit
- Mili
- Utirik
- Wotje.

II. Uninhabited

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinginae
- Bikini
- Rongerik
- Ujelang.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Bikar
- Bokak
- Erikub
- Jemo
- Nadikdik
- Toke.

Had they been able to experience things on the American side, and take part in
this noble conquest, they thought years later, when the plans finally were
declassified, then they would have go on living on forever!

After this triumphant action, E. and T. decided to go back to Finland, but not
without covering their tracks. They were in the mood for a quick break from
their horrific murders and decided it sounded like a fun challenge to smuggle
themselves out of the country, which they did as quickly as they could. They
were among the rare survivors of the Early Pacific Theatre.

They had to use the North Corridor, they knew that at least, anything else
would be bound to be boring. The memory of their blood baths among peoples and
armies in all other directions was still too fresh, and they were by now all
too used to the spooky effect they had on the American troops who witnessed
them – who came thinking it would be a regular job, bomb the atolls, go home,
and ended up disintegrating themselves before combat, or inexplicably washing
off on shores as if riding the backwash of nuclear waves.

Thus thhey escaped through Northern Eurasia and soon found themselves in a
small city in some Republic, Oblast or Okrug, where they wrenched hospitality
from a family of Japanese settlers. When they reached the house, they broke the
door and dumped all the supplies, mostly weapons and medical equipment, at the
feet of the terrified children. They would have to wreck most of the house
before the parents would agree to bring them food. Overall, their trip
continued without major incidents. They made it home just in time for the
devastating 100-megaton nuclear detonations which were the official start of
World War III. E. and T., no longer interested in war, nuclear or otherwise,
decided to split their time between Helsinki and rural Japan (both countries
being neutral throughout the conflict, travel to and fro remained possible). As
autumns came, they would pop over, farming and rewilding their areas with cows.

After six months, they were stronger than ever and decided to buy an airplane.
They named it The One that Burns Up in the Sky With the Memory of of the Rage
Against Humanity. E. and T. could now speak English and, the US Government
having ceded them large parts of Texas and New Mexico after the rampage, they
even had their own country. Life was good. They created lucrative employment,
which was greeted with open hostility from the politburo back in Helsinki.
Their first challenge was to decide their new international government and give
them a new name. After a long struggle and a lot of annoying objections by the
politburo ("It's wrong!", "It's mad!", "It's unacceptable!"), E. and T. decided
on the very banal and straightforward "The Revolutionary Party of Finland"
(Suomen Vallankumouksellinen Puolue).

In the years that followed, the Government of Finland in exile refused to
accept any help from E. and T., who nevertheless sent military equipment,
pushed for negotiations, suicide air missions, and financial assistance. In
1995, they gathered a tiny group of Finnish citizens who travelled to America
in an attempt to help the officials against their will. They were not able to
do more than convince some people in the lower rungs of the administration that
Suomen Vallankumouksellinen Puolue is a good name, and so boring they could
have come up with it themselves. They provided them with the numbers of a few
green-shirt operatives whom they regarded as psychopatics. They gave them hints
about post-atoll life and the current situation in Europe, but they were not
able to force them to be helped as they had wanted. This came far too late
anyway, and by the time this tiny group of Finnish citizens established contact
with government officials, the twins had left the archipelago, and everyone on
Ailinglaplap, Ailuk, Arno, Aur, Ebon, Enewetok/Ujelang, Jabat, Jaluit,
Kili/Bikini/Ejit, Kwajalein, Lae, Lib, Likiep, Majuro, Maloelap, Mejit, Mili,
Namorik, Namu, Rongelap, Ujae, Utirik, Wotho, and Wotje had died.

Suicides among followers and post-traumatic stress disorder among many
endangered species began to take their toll on the couple. On at least two
occasions, T., in despair, lashed out at a cabbage with his knife, causing more
wounds than any other weaponised cook in Finnish gastronomical history. He then
confessed to his wife that he believes he can now see the future, and that is
why he is willing to take his life, which "is good" he thinks. E. suddenly
agreed to kill herself, fearing that she might die before her spouse would be
satisfied that the suicide is complete. She drove to a point along the road
which had been marked on the map. As she reached it, she turned around and
jumped, aiming for the neighbouring mountains, but missed, divig into a
beautiful lake instead. T., who witnessed her suicide attempt along with the
rest of the bystanders, knew that his deeper self now intended to drive his car
off a cliff, but had to drive back home to fetch E.'s towel.

The group of Finnish citizens, by now unemployed emissaries, tried their luck
elsewhere, and were eventually able to get the United States Government to
agree to receive some small military equipment, including a few thousand
unmanned underwater vehicles, and to be assisted in the rescue operations in
the Marshall Islands. Thanks to the success of their attempt, many body parts
could be rescued from the waters. However, the entire ordeal had a deep,
lasting impact. E. and T. felt that they had been robbed of their statehood and
executive identity. For many years, E. would keep feeling that her thoughts are
more sinister than before, would get used to regular episodes of extreme fears,
endure Spinozist phases of indescribable violence, admixed with deep-seated
Hegelian guilt, not to mention her being perpetually perplexed by the inner
turmoil she always holds back from her husband, and from which she surmises she
cannot ever hope to escape.

**

As a first step, they purchased several cow's heads and skulls, making sure the
animals had been slaughtered before their purchase, and then, surmounting their
disgust of abusing animal innocence for war purposes, proceeded to put them on
human bodies.

The first step for T. was to talk to E. with the same angst that he felt.

The second thing that they did was to take the heads off the corpses of the two
children, and put it onto E. and him. As they were undressing the bodies of the
victims, all fell into a fervent exclamation of "Ah! The human beings can be
eaten!" The families were mesmerised by the spectacle. Finally, the bodies were
lined up on the ground. E. and T. proceeded to eat one after the other,
claiming they were impressed by how delicious the human flesh tasted. Then, T.
walked into the house of the little boy, and when he was complimented by the
body of the five-year-old, he said, "Let's eat more children and then see how
much human flesh we can consume."

E. attacked T.. T. tried to defend himself. Before long, E. was stabbing T.
with a sharp knife. His life's blood spilled all over the floor, on the blood
of those who were murdered. Nobody was on hand to help T.. E. grabbed T. by the
neck and cut off his head, his eyes and his ears. T. started to scream: "Help
me!" E. stopped the bleeding and then threw T. down on the bed. He then
decapitated him, and ate his lungs and his heart. As he chewed his famous body
parts, he proclaimed, "I have finished the first world war now I'm going to do
the second one."

The emotions and hunger of the families were intense. They saw that the
children were so beautiful, so innocent, and so loved that they were willing to
live their lives for them. Their delight was sharpened by the sight of a
cherubic child who, before the eyes of all, said "Oh death is mine. I will take
the lips of the captives as my bride. Oh death is mine".

A year went by and nothing happened. The children did not come back to life.
When their parents looked for them, they did not answer. All of the parents
felt like they had died. E. and T. eventually filled their stomachs with the
bodies of the children, and in this way they were able to feed on humans for
some time. Then they took the heads and the necks of the corpses and threw them
in the fire. T. stood with his head in his hands as he allowed the fire to
consume his tiny remains. Naturally, nobody noticed how his face and face
turned yellow.

**

This is how the first vampires were born. As prophesied, the worldwide
slaughter of humans, the deaths of animals, the destruction of infrastructure,
the suffering of suffering, the personal suffering of every living person from
the suffocating inebriation of blood, the terror and wonder of hearing about
the suffering of a more-than-a-few others, the endless killing of grassland, of
trees, of algae, of wildlife and so forth, soon followed. This is how, the
first generation of vampires, were born. The generations that followed were the
next generation of vampires. As humans entered the 21st century, those who had
been living in the past were still around. Many of them were still very close
to each other, trying to tell each other the story of their vampire ancestors.
Many of them were living as vampires, just a little bit different from the
traditional precursors. As hunters, they hunt poachers, other criminals. They
were often called "Butchers".

But there were others who were less prone to violent behaviour, more peaceful,
more seeking to do good deeds, but some others were violent, and others were
the more peaceful and diplomatic. Others still were born out of a grey zone
between the two extremes. Some were born as human-made vampires, born in the
19th century who had not been born as a vampire, and some others were born out
of human-made vampires who had once been born as vampires. Some of these
human-made vampires were children or teenagers, born who had only recently been
converted. After they had experienced the strongest orgasms and the most
intense lust, they went through the stage of "transition", the transition
through childhood and adolescence where they, as vampires, held the same
attraction for humans as before they had or maybe even stronger than before.
But they didn't realize that this longing was not solely for their mothers, but
was also for humans. They couldn't understand this urge to be liked, and the
only thing that kept them from calling to kill them was their innate shyness.
Their romanticism was only weak and didn't excite them to lust, and lust, and
jealousy. They didn't feel sexual desire to be loved and didn't feel a need to
be wanted or be loved. As they lived life. But as they grew up through their
teens and matured, they were well aware of their sexual feelings, they looked
for others, their own selves, as they started to be proving they were already
sexual, as adults, aware of, few were sexually and none were thought they were
already having sexually on, consenting; and having sexually. The lowest As they
all understanding and such feeling, they enjoyed that despite the sexual;

**

They took a dozen pairs of rented leather gloves, each with a special odour
repelling cloth wrapped around the back, and open their mouths. One by one,
they soaked those gloves in blood while E. and T. executed, with lethal
dexterity, the consumed victims one by one.

He could clearly see that all had lost their sense of separateness. Without any
real tangible harm, humans are now all one and living in the same closed
environment. After finally ascertaining the cause of the failure of his death,
he has achieved a very significant insight. He believes that human life is
meaningless and that it is the inherent destiny of all humans to finally
disappear from the planet.

T. and E. also gained enough insight to re-examine their own stance on the
"Animal Holocaust" and beyond. Their ideas changed. They stopped killing
humans. They came to a realization that they themselves were guilty of the acts
that they had committed. In this way, they had genuinely changed. The bottom
line is that there are no apologies, no "we forgot to stop" or "we feel bad
about what we did" type of moral statements.

In fact, it is the meaning and intention of the actions that matters. Either
the meaning is there and significant, or it isn't. I have seen this in action
many times on both sides of the possible intersection of ideology and the
person. It is the intention that matters. The sincerity of the activities that
may be subtle as well as the kamikaze violence they went through. Both sides
might be well meaning, but the sincerity is the important thing.

The re-kindling of passionate friendships is one of the true golden-hued gems
of open-mindedness. It is the prelude to the ultimate satori, the transcendent,
ultimate wisdom or enlightenment that is the core of any Buddhist philosophy.
It is the best proof of the fact that one has truly embraced the Dhamma, even
in the face of severe privations. It is the law that one must reap what one has
sown, all the way up to the supreme goal of enlightenment. It is the highest
proof that one has truly achieved the "end of suffering".

Thus, in the case of E. and T., it is a supreme law of affairs that they both
have done meaningful, lasting and selfless activity in the human society as
non-killers. It is also a great challenge that they have endured for over these
years. They have experienced certain opposition and some judgement from friends
and relatives. But what they have done is certainly worthy. For example, there
was an article in a white paper a few months ago in the newspaper of a very
conservative town in Southwestern United States, since it was that said that
they did not agree to any form of the decision. In a very conservative as a
very secular, a very liberal.

**

FILMS 

Fictitious deaths of T. and E. in propaganda films, all false.

*E. and T. as twin plastic surgeons during the First American Republic, taking
part in a gruesome killing spree in an operating theatre during which they
gorge themselves with patient flesh and soak their state-of-the-arts facilities
in blood. The unleashed flids having been allowed to pool in the blisters of
the mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, of the patients intoxicantly
stimulated their emetic glands, thus eliminating all symptoms of hepatitis. The
bold effectiveness of their act is highlighted just before the end by a
close-up on a stained prescription with a single red word in the centre,
"KILLED".*

***

E. and T. are two fearless detectives working together on the toughest crime
out there. One day, however, E. breaks bad and becomes a psychopath. E.'s
cold-blooded murder spree ends when she turns her pistol on her "hero" and
shoots T. thirteen times in the chest. She then calmly walked out the back exit
and with a gun in each hand, goes to the nearest marked police post to report,
"I've shot your guy!" She then becomes very remorseful about what she had done
despite being convinced that getting involved in such a gruesome and violent
death sport is her destiny. One night, she walks to the Rainbow Bridge, and
confessing herself to it, starts making her final verbal suicide attempt.
Fortunately a lone cop catches sight of her, recognises her, and starts
shooting. E. tries to surrender peacefully to him, but is deprived of this
chance, as the cop covers his head with his body-armoured vest, and shoots E.
twice more. E. dies of a single bullet wound to the chest, a mortal wound in
those days. (The film includes lengthy sequences where the spectators can read
the evidence reports, and learn that E.'s age was probably approximately 35,
and her death probably occurred some time in between 1992 and 1993.) T. is
marginally more fortunate. He survives the shooting wounds, but gradually gains
strange insights about the world. By now free of the time constraints of a
partner, he decides to turn to photography, although never leaves his job and
still remains a powerful force against crime. The sad sights he has been
exposed to for decades on the control force are all present in his beautiful
and harrowing photographs. His first show, entitled "Tarjonta Elokuvallista
Väkivaltaa" ("A Supply of Cinematic Violence"), is to be published in book form
and released in stores today. The film ends with T.'s final words about the
photographs above, as seen on the headline of a special issue of *Mob Times*:
"I now know the truth! She was not only the killer, but also a victim at the
same time! Humanity itself is a worthless argument!"

***

As if they meant to prove a point to themselves, E. and T. join the special
forces together as soon as they are of legal age. They complete their training
just after the government rolls out its Synthetic Harmony policy, finally
upgrading the country to the modern standards of mass-produced human
reproduction, and banning all uncontrolled mating. On their first mission in
the field, they volunteer for murdering a couple of uncastrated youngsters
heard copulating by several home devices, and are glad to provide the first of
many proofs of the commitment of the government to the sanctity of its mission.
However, information about the mission was leaked to members of the local
branch of Non-Commissioned Anonymous (NCAs, branded a terrorist group as soon
as they published a statement saying their people were ready to retaliate
against official accusations of having complained about the disadvantages that
the new regime had caused them), who rushed to the scene. As for T. and E.,
they were ready to deliver a decisive blow, to strike against their comrades if
they had to, and, most of all, to cut down the veil of secrecy that hid them
from the radiant light of Truth. The situation quickly devolved into chaos when
the cops decided to intervene, siding with the terrorists. When they found E.
and T. holding the naked remains of the two teenagers, they shouted "Fire at
will! Kill the child killers!" and began taking out their weapons.

The special forces quickly reestablished order, cleaning up most officers and
anonymous present, and the police force was disbanded. After coming back to the
base unharmed, T. and E. started having the uncanny feeling that they were no
longer being treated as good soldiers, dedicated to their country, but as
suspects, and they began to panic. After a long struggle, and the best mental
health support the army has to offer, they finally escaped the self-pity trap
by focusing on simple, verifiable social utility increments, such as rolling up
a recent acquaintance's trousers, or acting as a human shield in the evening or
on weekends. Their beloved friend and alter ego was the only one whose killing
load they would never undercut or outsource, and this time of adversity drew
them even closer together. Even though they felt guilty and kept killing lusty
young traitors, sometimes their own former friends from high school or the
internet, they still wanted to believe that they were brave and taking part in
an exciting noble mission to save the world from the sex drive of humans. By
and large, by the time they led their own assault unit, they did not feel sorry
or wallow in remorse. They felt that they were on the right side of history,
and firmly believed that the government's policies should be executed. They
also realised that they would not be able to live with themselves if they
failed to follow through, and to set their resolutions in stone they made a vow
that they would continue the mission and complete it no matter what. That, and
the increasing burden of admin and grading due to budget cuts, slowly dragged
them back down into madness. E. and T. were witnessing the decay of their
partner and knew that they had to do whatever he takes to rescue the common
market of their beloved. The months that fellow were hell, but somehow they
pulled it off, mission after mission. This time of lethal frolic, however, came
to an end not long after their wounds started oozing more rapidly than they
could be stitched. Not only did their skin soon turn green, but their bowels
were by now completely full of rehab blood, and even though their bowels would
still empty without too much hassle, it had become very difficult to urinate.
In these circumstances, the quick dissection of their defective parts was
totally effective, thanks again to the army's world-class health service. As
with all wars, the two lovers were prepared to die in battle with their weapons
and camping equipment, but the brass had different intentions. They
congratulated E. and T. for their service, and finally communicated their
conclusion that they had no place on the battlefield any more, and would be
much more useful in a nursery or a baby farm.

nature documentary

Later, after some weeks, a fallen tree shook a fire and killed the body E. was
sucking. T. was in this state. He and E. hoped that at least he would not get
his body burned to ashes by the fire. So T. sighed. But the tree did not dozing
tree had another trick; a will of its own and afterwards, found that the
remains of E. were still there. By this point, E. had lost all his teeth and
his mouth. While T. looked on the road to be carried out his head, it. He did
not mind his eyes and the eyes. He waved them. E. was not mind the remaining
for him. No crying. Meanwhile, T. had had been about to leave. In roughly the
same state of mind. E. did not mind, but felt bored. She moved closer and
closer to the snake, until getting bitten. This was a bad idea, but E. was in
no mind to agree. More excuses? No thanks. E. went boldly into the great
beyond. T., silent ever since, moved to Hades.
